# Section 4: Google Merchant Center

## 4.1 Warm up your Google Account

Yes, guys. Welcome to this new video. In this video, I want to introduce you to how to properly warm up a Gmail before you make your GMC. So if you're serious about longevity, do this first and make sure to do this as well. So step one is to create the Gmail. Use your anti-detect browser and use a correct country proxy. So for example, if you are going live in the USA, you should use an anti-detect browser and a proxy in the USA. Really important. Furthermore, let it age. Minimum five to seven days. Really good to know. Do not create the new GMC immediately. This will not help you at all. So step three, use it like a normal human. What it means? What YouTube, you can watch it, of course, but you can let videos play also in the background. Sign up to Google Play, browse Google search, receive emails. So send emails to it. You can sign up for some email marketing stuff. You can name it. You can do it. Yeah, sign up to normal websites, H&M, Zara. Maybe all the dropship stores. If you also want to have some info about email flows from competitors, send also a few emails. So send emails to your email, send to your own Gmail, send emails to, I don't know what you want. You can do it. And login or out naturally is not that important, but recommended to if you stop, just log out, log in, just like a human being also do. So what you want? Incoming emails, outgoing emails, YouTube watch history, search activity, and also the general Google ecosystem usage. Really important because you want to build trust with Google. So what not to do is so don't buy H Gmail accounts. That method is all already died. Don't create a Gmail, GMC, and the ad G ads in the same hour will not help you. It's not first of all, don't do it. So don't use Gmail only for GMC. So if your Gmail looks fake, your GMC lifespan will be short. It's a no go. Trust is everything in these times with GMCs are getting more and more complicated. So the bottom line, your GMC is the foundation of your entire store. So trade it like an asset, the same as through a pilot, the same as an Instagram page, the same as a Pinterest page. You name it, you should do it and take it as an asset. Warm it, age it, humanize it, then build your GMC and scale accordingly. Trust me, it's more important than you think. So yeah, if there are any questions regarding this, let me know . It should be a message on Discord. Speak to you soon. Thank you.

## 4.2 Google Merchant Center setup

All right, so let's talk about Google Merchant Center, the heart of your business. So as I explained in the previous modules, the Google Merchant Center, aka the GMC, is in the middle. So you have Shopify, you have your Google Ads on the right side, and in the middle, you have Google Merchant Center. It connects both together. Google Merchant Center maintains all the data about your store, about your sales, about revenue spent, about how much came in . It is literally a collection of all the data you need. In meta, you would say the pixel is the most important thing, well, in Google is the Google Merchant Center. A Google Merchant Center, unfortunately, can also get suspended, but we'll talk about that in the next modules. I already mentioned it quite a bit of times, how to prevent it from getting suspended and so on. But let's talk about how to set up a Google Merchant Center, and what can you do in a Google Merchant Center? So we go to merchants.google.com. What we try and do, and honestly, this is a preference from us, you can do it, you can also not, is for every Google store, we create a separate email and a separate Google Ads account on that email that we just created. And on that email, we also create the Google Merchant Center account. So every store is literally stored on separate at Gmail. So let's say your store is called macbookfashion.com. Well, you're going to create a Gmail called macbookfashion@ gmail.com, and we're going to create an email called info@macbookfashion.com. So you can decide if you create the Google Merchant Center and Google Ads and the Shopify on the @gmail account or on the info@macbookfashion.com email. Up to you, it doesn't make any difference, but I've also heard that there is quite some trouble getting new at Gmail accounts because there's some new Google verification where they ask you to scan the QR code. A workaround is buying aged Gmail accounts from G to G, it 's called. So G from gambling, that's the one you're going to use. Sorry, yesterday we were gambling, and that's why it was the first word I came up with in my mind. But you can buy them on there and you can use them also. That's what we've been doing recently because with the new QR codes, it's really hard to get Gmail accounts. So like I said, you create the Shopify account on there, the Google Merchant Center accounts and the Google Ads accounts on that same Gmail or info@mail. So to create a GMC, you go to merchants@google.com, sign up. Also something I want to mention before I keep going here is one website domain. So Macbookfashion.com can only be connected to one GMC. Never create multiple GMCs for the same domain because that will be flagged internally and you will have a really hard time on approving stores. So it's important that one domain has one Google Merchant Center, has one Google Ads account, everything needs to be streamlined. Like I mentioned at the start of this course, your setup needs to be clean and bulletproof to prevent as much as possible these suspensions. So now we're here, do you sell products online? Yes, I do. Do you have a physical store? No. Like I said, my store was called Macbookfashion.com. Continue. All right. There we scroll down. Continue to Merchant Center. Business name. Don't get confused. The business name is your store name. So here we're going to type Macbookfashion. Register country, very important, is the country of your company. If you have a Dutch company, you will put here Netherlands. And that will mean that in your footer, there will also be company address in the Netherlands. Your warehouse address has to be in the United Kingdom. If you create a UK store, but the registered country is going to be Netherlands, because that's where your company is registered. Continue. All right, address line. This is going to be the address of your company, which you also have the registered documents for. So like I said, we have a Belgium company, but we're acting in this scenario, like we have a Dutch company. So the Netherlands company, the address will be, let's say you have a little land 16 in the city of Amsterdam. There we go. You will have to verify that you own the domain Macbook fashion.com. What you can do is usually I do this one Shopify. So here it tells you go to Shopify teams edit code, go to the team that liquids and copy paste this right before the slash head. So you need to copy paces. It takes about 15 to 30 minutes for a Google to index that and find it. So don't worry that when you click verify, it doesn't get approved straight away. It's normal. It takes some time, or you can just do here the info ads, it will send you a code and you prove to Google that, hey, I own this domain. That's why I said one domain, one GMC, nothing more. It 's like the countries where you want to show your products. Of course, our store was going to be a UK store, so it's going to be United Kingdom. Continue. So this one we're going to skip because we're not going to import the products ourselves into the Google merge center. We will be using an app on Shopify that would automatically sync all the products to the Google merge center. It's super easy. So once you upload products on Shopify, they will automatically get syn ced to the Google merge center. And also, there will be some optimizations done already. So that 's really nice. We're not going to do it manually. We just like do it later at shipping these for one country. So like we said, our store was United Kingdom. So we go here, continue. All right, delivery locations, of course, at the customer's address, order cutoff time. This you have to get out of your policies. So I'm going to go to the shipping policy. I think it is here 6pm, 6pm. Of course, it 's United Kingdom. It's going to be London. There we go handling times we go back. So it's going to be five to seven. Okay, five to seven. And then five. It's at business days. So business days are from Monday to Friday. And then transit times was going to be six to nine. Let's just make sure the handling time, because I think that's not correct. I hear never mind one to two days. Usually we'll be around that like handling time, aka processing time is a time that it takes for the factory to see the order, prepare it and communicate it to the warehouse. So they prepare it. And transit times is it got into the bus. It's on the way to the airport. It's getting on the plane and it 's getting to the customer. So that's the transit time. Always mention Monday to Friday because we're talking about business days. We continue. Okay, how to kill shipping costs, currency, GBP. We mentioned free shipping and the shipping policy. So make sure to select free shipping here. Safe. Continue. So return policy, Macbook fashion.com slash policy slash return policy, I think it is something like that. You're literally just going to put the link to your return policy. There we go. Yes, I accept return from the effective and non effective products. Yes, I accept changes. Only new products, return window, obviously 30 days. And then this usually it is, comes to responsibility, restarting fee, no costs, refund processing time. Let's check it out really quick. Refund time, seven days. There we go. Seven days. Of course, make sure that this is aligned with your policies. Now I took another store, which I use in this example, but make sure that this is the same as you put on your website, you know, we put the templates there, but you will have to fill in the transit times and all those variables, depending on your situation with your supply, obviously, I confer information is correct. And I say, and boom, we are in the official Google emergency center accounts. It's going to look like this at the starts. What we 're going to do is we're going to just add some extra info. Obviously, this needs to be verified. So confirm you own the store. And like I said here, we're going to do or get send the code to your domain info ads, or use Shopify to prove, Hey, I own this domain. It's mine. Edit business details. What I like to do here is enter the contact page. So it was called macbookfashion.com/pages/contact. Here you put the email macbookfashion.com. And here we're going to put the phone number that we bought from Chris Paul, air call, whatever. Also important, this one needs to be unique, because sometimes what Google will do is they will literally do this, this, this, boom. And then we'll, okay, this phone number is related to this store. So there is no way we will approve this store. And I also see they took this phone number from family law portal, which is not even their company. So that's already a red flag. I'm pretty sure this GMC is not even live from this guy, from this suicide guy. So that's why it's so important to have a unique phone number that is not linked to another company, not linked to another store, nothing. Preferred method, I always put website safe. If you have social media, which I also highly advise to anyone making a Google merge center account is to have social media. What I mean with that is once you create a website, for example, macbook fashion, you're going to create an Instagram page called macbook fashion. If the name is taken, call it macbook fashion UK, whatever, it doesn't matter. But make sure to add a profile picture, add a BIO and add 25 posts and buy fake followers. It's really important that you do this. And you mentioned it also in your photo somewhere, it can be here, can be here, can be here, you can remove this and maybe add like a social section. Also very important for Google to see, okay, this is a legit business because one, they're on Instagram, they have a phone number, their website looks good. You know, it's all these green flags and Google will be like, okay, safe, you know, and also to keep your GMC alive for longer without suspensions. It's important that you regularly post on those Instagram pages to kind of show to Google, hey, we have online presence, we're on established brands, we're legit. So that's why I advise you to put an Instagram in the footer also. Social media , you can add Instagram, for example, and here you can add the Instagram page, which will add a extra layer of trust to your website, which is always good. Okay, so once we've done that, I'm going to go over a few things in the GMC. So obviously this GMC is empty as their products said, but usually you will see the products here, it will look something like this. So in review, and then approved. So it will look like that here, you can kind of see the performance. Obviously you would look, we don't look at the performance here, we look at the performance in our Shopify and in our Google Ads. Google merge center is just something that connects altogether. But if you want to have a curates, look at your analytics, obviously you will go to Shopify or you will go to Google Ads. Like with meta, you never listen to the suggestions they make for you because they're ridiculous, they just want you to spend more money on stupid recommendations that they have . So they make more money on ads, you know, products. Obviously, I didn't import any products, but this is where you would see them. There can be warnings and also add some videos about how to handle these warnings and how to resolve them needs attention. This is where you will see any kinds of errors. Always click here, no issues for you to fix. That's really good. Shipping policy is all good, it's complete, it's safe. And then here, obviously it's still pending, but should be good in a few hours. And that's honestly it in the Google merge center. Like it's a one time setup. And after that, you don't really touch it anymore. Everything will be automated in Shopify and in Google Ads. So if you add products through Shopify, they'll be automatically synced to the merchant center accounts. If you get a suspension, which we will talk about later in the videos, it will be shown on the top of the screen. It will be here in dark reds that will be a box saying your products has been disapproved, blah, blah, blah, something like that. But we'll cover that in another video. I just wanted to show you guys how to make a Google merge center account, what is Google merge center account and why it's so important for your business . Obviously, have a look at all the other sections here. You can see analytics and all of that. But obviously, I'm not going to go too deep into this. This is the most important that you need to know to get started and make your first $1,000 per day. Bye.

## 4.3 Sync feed to GMC (Simprosys)

Alright, so now I'll explain how to set up symposiums. This is really important because it's an app that is connected on Shopify and you will set it up with your Google merge center and what this app will do, simply it will make sure that once you add products to Shopify that they will be shown in the Google merge center also. I'll explain to you how to set it up. These screenshots are a bit old so it might look a little bit different for you now, but obviously the concepts stay the same. It's really straightforward, don't change crazy things in this app, the purpose of this is really simple and most of the important tasks your media buyer will do anyways. So for you, it's just important to set up symphroses. I think it's free for the first seven days and then you pay based on how many products you have. It's not really expensive, but this is really the number one app and I would highly advise anyone to use it. So it looks like this, symphroses, I will add a link down below if you need it. Just go on your Shopify store, install the app. Then here, the next step you will see is sign in with Google. So you will sign in with Google, obviously you will be on the account where you create at Google merge center, otherwise it will not find your Google merge center. So here, boom, you will select the Google merge center accounts, obviously there should only be one, so you will select the one of your store. Here the currency is going to be by default your store currency. If something else is shown, well, something is wrong in your markets or something is wrong in your store currency. So make sure that this currency is the same as your actual store currency, you know, primary target country. This one is Switzerland, but obviously our store was in the UK, so what should it be? Currency should be GBP, primary target country should be United Kingdom, content language should be English, obviously, confer target markets. Then the next screen you will see is here, like I said, five AI images. This you just leave defaults here, you might have to click global formats and then you press sync and then boom, here you go, the products will start processing and this means the suppresses app is going to start gathering all the products from Shopify and pushing them to the Google merge center. Then if you go to your Google merge center, you will see this usually takes around, I don't know, 15 minutes maybe, I don't know, it takes some time for it to show and sync and the next screen you will see is this. You might think, why does it show 590 when there is only five products, I think 590 will be a bit more than five products, it's going to be like 15, 25 products, but this is not the amount of products. It says here, total amount of products, 590, but what is this really, Google merge center is going to not look at your product as one product, but look at it also multiplying it by the variance. So let's say you have a T-shirts which is available in five different colors and five different sizes, so that means one T-shirt available in five colors in five sizes, so that means one times five times five, that means 25 products are possible, you can have a black T-shirt in large, you can have a black T-shirt in Excel, you can have a black T-shirt in small, you can have a white T-shirt in medium, white T-shirt in small, you get it. So that's why you will see a bigger number than the amount of products you have , so let's say if you have around 700, 800 products in your Shopify which is usually the sweet spot for rapid scaling and crazy numbers, it will be around, let's say 25,000 products in the Google merge center, so that's kind of the way you have to look at it, and there will be a review, like I explained, if the review takes longer than three days, we will force Google merge center team to approve these and I will show you in the next video how to do that actually, and once the products are approved you will see this, this means approved. This doesn't mean you have fixed a suspension yet, there was no suspension yet, this is just the initial setup, pushing the products to the Google merge center, Google approved the products and now we need to trigger the first suspension so we can fix it and then we are good to scale, so we will cover that in our next video, but this is the video about how to sync symphroses to Shopify, I think this is pretty clear, straightforward, don't enable crazy settings, it's just very simple, ciao!

## 4.4 Speed up product approval

right so i'm gonna show you guys how to get your products approved if they're still in review so what do i mean if after five business days they are still not approved which can happen in google emergency center it's a glitch can happen so if after five business days they are still here or they are still like in review this one will be orange then you're going to do the following you're going to your google emergency center you press on the question mark in the top right help help center and supports here you scroll down contact us and boom it will ask you for a google ads account what you're going to pick here is obviously you don't have a google ads account yet or maybe you do well what i usually do is i just put my GMC ID in or i just pick a random google ads account it's whatever you're going to explain products in review boom after you select google ads account and it's going to give you some options you're going to click products in review of pending review something like that and then you're going to copy paste the message that i put here so hello my products in groomers center with id blah blah blah you're going to copy paste this in the contact options which is going to be email you will descend it to them and they will approve it within 20 to 48 hours so that's a way to speed it up if it's stuck after five as they still in review well this is a way to reach out to the wider team and they will approve your products manually.

## 4.5 How to delete a Google Merchant Center

Yes. So I'm going to show you guys how to delete a GMC the proper way that way you don't leave any traces when creating a new GMC or you want to create multiple GMCs on multiple companies or whatever. I'm going to show you guys how to delete an old GMC the proper way. So you got a misrep, you tried to appeal to your tons, they don't work and now you need to delay the GMC. I'm going to show you how to do it. So we start off with business info, go here, this, you just change to random left. Adders, also here, also here, also here. Save this, save that, okay, this, delete, this, delete, this, delete, I'm going to put on website, google.com, save, okay, done, then we go to shipping and returns, delete this one, delete your return policy, delete, okay, and now also very important is go to your products, go to manage product resources and also delete this source. All right, then we go to online store, here, everything seems to be fine, okay, going to go to business info, edit here, here you just put google.com, save, change, okay. All right, that's perfect, okay, then go here, just taking a little while, okay , all seems good, all right, now to verify that's good, then we go to general account options, scroll down to the bottom, close merchant center accounts, yes, I want to delete permanently, close merchant center, there we go, that's how you properly deleted GMC, have fun.

## 4.6 Build more trust on Google (EXTRA)

Yes, so how do you build trust for your website and also to make it easier for a Google Moch Center to get approved because trust is the number one signal that Google looks at. If your website doesn't look trustable, so there can be internal flags or external flags. External means, okay, does your website look professional? Is navigating through your website easy? Is it customer friendly? All of those, internally what they can see is your trust score and what is a trust score? Well, it's your online presence, your trust pilot reviews, your Instagram, and then also a golden nugget that I'm going to drop here later on this video. Well, let's start with the start. When creating Google Moch Center and the websites, you for sure want to create an Instagram page. You don't have to, you don't have to do anything, but I would really advise you to create an Instagram page and the way to do it is very easy. So you're going to create an Instagram page for your websites. Make sure to link it in the footer like here, so under your business information, you can put like follow us on Instagram at, and then the Instagram tag. What you want to do on the Instagram is buy at least 500 followers. Don't buy 500 like on the spot, buy like 534, 546, something like that, you know. So that it shows like, okay, we have some online presence. Make sure to put a profile picture, a description, a link to your website on the Instagram. That's also really good. And to buy cheap followers, I use darksidepanel.com. It's really cheap. Just use this one. So 15153, put it in here, and then you just put the link of your Instagram page here, and then you put the quantity, usually it costs like 30 or 40 cents. So it's really, really cheap. Make sure to do that, but also really important to link it in your footer. So Google can actually find it back, you know. Another tip I can give you is on the homepage, you could add a section in the middle of the page or something like that, where you put like, follow us on our journey, and then the Instagram tag. Follow us on Instagram, blah, blah, blah, or share your moments, wearing our clothing, and then put the Instagram, something like that, you know. The more you show it to Google when they're checking your website, the better and more likely you will get approved for Google Merged Center. So that's a really good tip I can give you, always get an Instagram page, buy some followers, and also really important is that you put posts on it. So what kind of posts can you put? What I usually do is I just take product page images. So I go to my products, I save the image, and I make it posts. We just dropped our new collection, blah, blah, blah, and just copy paste it 25 times. You want at least 25 posts on your Instagram page, because obviously it's important to show it to Google that the page is active, and what we do is we tell our VA to actively post at least once a week or three times a week on the Instagram page to kind of keep it active, you know. If Google wants to check it, they can check it, it's active and it's working. Then the second way to increase trust is trust pilots. What we always do for our new stores, they want to get approved for Google, is that we buy at least 10 trust pilot reviews. If you want to buy trust pilot reviews, make sure to open a ticket in the Discord of the A/B Inner Circle, we will connect it with a person where you can buy 10 reviews . It doesn't cost that much, it's not mandatory, you don't have to do this. If you already do the Instagram part, this is already going to increase trust by a lot, but if you want to even increase the chance even more, you can buy trust pilot reviews, at least 10 of them, and that's also a way to increase the trust on your websites. Because Google internally, they see, well, they see this also, you know, they 're integrated with trust pilots so they can see your score also from trust pilot in Google itself. They have some internal tools for that, I don't know much, but I know that it's really important. It's also a quick tip, when you have a GMC which is live and it's getting sales , we advise you to buy daily reviews, like the post daily reviews on trust pilots. So what we do, if we have a store which is starting to get sales and we see, okay, this one's going to get momentum, what we do is we buy at least three reviews a day on that website to kind of keep it alive longer, the GMC, you know, because once you start doing very big numbers, you can see that there's a lot of bad reviews coming in and it's really important to kind of balance it out, you know. So that's why once you have a store that is scaling, make sure to buy at least three reviews a day and tell the guy from trust pilots where you buy the reviews, like, hey, want to post three times a day, at least on this page, boom, that will increase the lifetime of your Google emergency center. And then a golden nugget I can give you, most people buy their domains from GoDaddy or from Namecheap. But what I would advise you is buy it only from GoDaddy. Why? Because Namecheap internally in Google is known as a place where you can buy more scammy domains, like scammers would usually go to Namecheap instead of GoDaddy to buy their domains because on Namecheap, usually you don't have to submit information when you're buying a domain. On GoDaddy, if you want to buy a domain, they always have to submit some sort of information or they automatically get it from you in a way, you know. So that's why internally, GoDaddy will always have a higher trust signal than Namecheap to buy domains. So if you want to buy domains for your new websites, always use GoDaddy, really would advise that. And yeah, these are kind of the three tips I can give you. If you want to check your trust score and also see what it's currently at, you can check scamadvisor website. I think it's scamadvisor.com or scamadvisor.net, I forgot. But there you can check, okay, what's my trust score and what can I do to increase it? These three, if you do these right, it will already increase it by a lot. Keep in mind that the trust score on scamadvisor.com or .net is not updated every day. It might be updated every week, every month. But it's really important that you do this as soon as possible when you want to get your GMC live. It is not mandatory. You can get a GMC live without doing this. But I would really advise you if you want to take things serious and have a very high chance of approval for Google merge center, these three points are really increase trust on your website and Google merge center.
