# Section 8: Ads + Scaling

## 8.1 Roadmap from approved to scaling

All right, so in this video, I'm going to explain you guys what to expect from the moment you got your GMC approved to start scaling. So it's really important that you already watched the previous videos about the whole roadmap of setting up your Google stores, getting it approved and all that. This is really about you got your GMC approved and what to expect next. So that's what I'm going to explain here. We're going to do it step by step. So let's start here. You got your GMC approved, congratulations. That's already a very big step. You already set up the Google store, five initial products, AI images, you got it approved. What's next? Well, obviously we're going to wait four weeks. So you got your GMC approved and then here before we make any changes to the product feeds, we're going to wait four weeks. So here, we wait four weeks, four weeks of not touching the product feeds, not touching anything. Just leave the GMC at as it is, but during this whole process, the PMEX has to stay online. So it's really important that the ads stay online during this whole process because if the ads are not online, you also risk a suspension. So actually during this whole process, like everything here, the PMEX campaign on Google has has to stay online. Once your GMC is approved, just keep that campaign online. You can keep it on a low budget, five dollars a day, that's fine, but keep it online because otherwise you will risk another mystery. So GMC approved, that's when we're going to start importing products. There's two options, you can import a batch of 50 products per week. This I would say is way safer because every time you make a product feed change , you're risking a scan by Google. Once you make a change, Google will be like, maybe it's time to check this store real quick. And if they find something, well, you might get suspended again. So that's why importing weekly is one of my favorites because it's less risk. And if you look at the big brands, they're not releasing new clothes every day. So it doesn't really make sense to import products every day. But what you can also do is import daily 25 products to really go quickly to this part. Because before we're going to onboard with the media buyer, of course, we want to have some products on the store because with five products, which we got our GMC approved, of course, we cannot scale with that. There's only five products. We cannot go to crazy revenues with that. We first need some products on the store before we can onboard with the media buyer. I usually say around 500 products before you onboard with the media buyer, but of course you can already onboard with 200 products, something like that. But make sure that there's already products on your store and that your GMC is still approved during this whole process because without GMC, we cannot scale to crazy numbers . So you have two options, 50 per week, which you call a batch, or daily 25. So you quickly get to those 500 products. 500 products is not a magical number. You can be on 250 and onboard with the media buyer, whatever. But 500 is a very nice number, and you can already scale to very big numbers with that. So once we have 500 products on our store, we're going to onboard with the media buyer. You're going to create a ticket in the Discord. You're going to tell us, Hey, my GMC is approved. I have 500 products on my store. I want to onboard with the media buyer. We will put you in contact, set up everything, and you can start scaling. So indeed here, we're going to start scaling, you know, the GMC is still live. We have 500 products. That's the time when we're going to start scaling. Okay. We're scaling. We're doing good numbers. Very good. What we're going to do after that, of course, we're going to wait, you know, we want some ad spend in the GMC, we want some products to get sales, this and that. But let's say after maybe 30 days, I would say, or even more, maybe after a month and a half, it's time to optimize the product feeds. It's important that you don't do this one week after advertising. Your products barely got ad spent. There is nothing to optimize yet, you know, there's still learning. You're still a bit inconsistent. I usually only do a product feeds optimization after even two months, maybe a being life, you know, you really need to throw some ad spend to your GMC. Maybe you'll already be very profitable. That's very good. Hopefully. Maybe you're still in the learning phase because you're in a smaller market, but optimizing the product feed is also part of a success. Don't do this too early, like I said, because we first need to have a lot of ad spend towards our products. Again, there is no magic number. So just find out for yourself when it's the right time to optimize products. I have a whole video on how we optimize the product feed using the Petago or also manually to make sure to check those out or they might come later on also. But what we're going to do is draft zombie products. So that's products that are literally not getting spent or haven't had any sales in the last 90 days, seasonal drops, for example, right now it's March almost. So the weather outside is very nice. Of course, we're going to start drafting all the winter jackets, the furry jackets, all of those thick clothes, we're going to drop them. We don't want to throw spend at them because the performance will only decrease and we're preventing other products that are actually seasonal such as dresses and all that from getting ad spent. So it's important that we draft those non seasonal products. And of course also with Petago app, you can see what products are getting ad spent, but have a bad growth. You can also see what products are getting, our refund rates. So it's really important that you keep an eye on that to really drop them as soon as possible. Because like I explained, if you have a product which is getting a lot of ad spent, it is preventing from a lot of other products to get ad spent. And those products might even be better than the one getting all the ads. So that's why it's really important to draft on time. During the whole product feed optimizations, you will be drafting and all that. But it's also important when you draft to import new products, you know, to kind of balance it out. So that's why I wrote it down here in a little cycle. During the product feed optimizations, it's also important to import new batches, especially when your GMC is more aged, I would completely step away from daily importing because daily importing is very high risk. And you can get suspended way quicker compared to importing batches. Importing batches, I would say if you drop 50 products, import 50 new ones. Even if you don't drop products, make sure to stay up to date with the season. So import products on time, for example, it's already hot outside. So you should have already imported a lot of dresses on your store because they 're picking up very nicely. What's really important is that during this whole process of your GMC is approved, you start scaling, you optimize the product feeds, you import batches, that there is a chance that you get against suspended. This is part of Google. It's really random. They just pick up websites and they decide to do a check on it. Don't add closure sales, clearance sales, those crazy sales to your website. But at timers, I explain that already to you, but again, to prevent common mis steps, make sure to not use those. But like I said, during this whole process, you can get suspended. It's part of the game. It's part of Google. It's unfortunate. But keep in mind that that can happen. But usually if your GMC is approved, you started importing products, you're onboard with the media buyer and you start scaling and you've arrived to the optimized product feeds parts or even to the start scaling parts, usually you should be good for a few months That's our experience. We've had GMC's that are live for over nine months. We've had GMC's that got the second mischief after three months of scaling. But of course, in that time, we managed to really squeeze out the lemon and get a lot of money out of that GMC. Meanwhile, also work on building multiple Google stores, like I said, spread the risk over different markets, different stores, different domains, different companies, all of that. It's part of the business and building a long term Google store business. I hope this is really clear. So from getting your GMC approved to start scaling, please implement this. Don't take everything I said one by one for serious. There is no magic numbers. You might say, yeah, but I cannot onboard yet with the media buyer because I don't have 500 products, bro. If you have 300 products that are really handpicked and seasonal, all dresses, all sandals, orthopedic shoes, all of that, bro. You can already onboard because you know what the fuck you're doing. Of course, we're not going to onboard you when you have your first 10 products on your store and you just got approved a week ago. We want to have some traction in the GMC before you get onboard with the media So I hope this is clear and I'll see you in the next video.

## 8.2 Shopping PMAX Campaign Setup

Yo what's up guys, in this video I'm going to show you how to set up a shopping fee only campaign. This is a campaign that you can set up easily yourself in only three steps and it can really help you to scale to your first one or even 10K days. So before you even need to avoid with the media buyer, you can really launch this campaign and it's pretty much the campaign that the media buyer is setting up for you. I'm going to show you how to do it yourself. So from now on you can also scale your ad account yourself before you avoid with the media buyer to really scale from 1K to 10K days. The purpose of this video is so you can set up your own Google ads, start scaling and once you're doing some consistent numbers or you're seeing some traction in the ad account, that's when you want to on board with the media buyer and I will show you that right now in this video. So the way we're going to do it is in our ad accounts, make sure to connect to Google merch center. Your products need to be approved all of that. You already know that. What we're going to do here is create campaign, new campaign, skip this, sales. We want to drive sales through a store, click here, obviously we set up conversion tracking for purchases. We want to reach purchases. There we go. Continue. We're going to kick on PMAX. It's going to load the merch center which we connected, make sure to add products in it for the purpose of this video. I just made a Google merch center without products in it. We're going to call it, make sure to call it good so feeds only shopping. Obviously, we only want to push our products to the shopping feed and not to YouTube. This will add search as all of that. We don't care. We want to be in the shopping feed because that's where the money is being made . So that's why PMAX feed only shopping. Okay. All right. We want to focus on conversion value. We want to drive revenue to us. We want to have as much revenue as possible. So that's why we click on version value. Next, we're going to click the country where we're going to advertising. So for this purpose, I'm going to do United States, English. That's good. No, it doesn't have political shit. This is all good. This we want to change to only tab, only computers and mobile phones because that's the people who are going to buy on our store. All of the rest looks good. Next, this you can skip this. You can click next and then the budget, we're going to start on 50 per day. Why 50 per day? Because we want to speed up the learning process, you know, Google ads is a data driven algorithm. So you need to buy data at the start. So that's why we start on a $50 budget per day because then we will speed up the learning phase. So you can start on 100 per day if you want. This will speed up even more the process. That's what we do personally, but you can also do 50 per day and from there, you can start scaling. Obviously, when there is good ROAS, click on next, oh, I need to do a little confirmation one sec. Right. So we've done that. We're going to go now to asset optimization, click here, going to disable this, going to disable this and boom, there we go. Now our shopping ads will only be being pushed to the shopping feed. If you don't turn this off, it will be pushed to YouTube, YouTube kids, search, Gmail, all of that. We don't want that because p max is performance max is going to advertise on all the Google ads platforms. But we don't want that. We want the AI of p max only advertising on shopping feed. That's why we have to do this. So once this is done, you're good to go going to click on next, budget is good, 50 per day. We wait and we publish the campaign, we wait. We wait a bit more, we wait a bit long. Okay, when that's done, you're good to go. Make sure to set up tracking. So if it's with a Google tag or it's with retract, make sure to set it up. I would advise you to set up which right is really simple and it's the best, honestly, for your Google ads. But once this is done, you're really good to go. Your p max is made. It will start spending very, very soon, usually takes one or three days to start spending because it needs to review your shopping feed, review your ads, and then it will start spending the ads. So that's really good. Make sure to set up this campaign before you're on board with the media bar. So you can already build some traction, you can already build some data. And once you're doing some solid numbers, let's say, I don't know, one caper day, what are you doing? I don't know some estimate. You've been doing this already for a long time. It's time for you to on board with the media bar and then you can create a ticket in the discord to avoid him. But this campaign is literally the one that can already scale you to one K days or even 10 K days. But make sure to also focus on your Google Merc center product feed because that's where the money is. But this is the campaign that every media bar is setting up for you and I just thought you how to do yourself, so you're going to really start scaling your store on your own, which is what you guys want. Thank you guys for watching and see you in the next one. Ciao.

## 8.3 Google Ads Mediabuyer

Alright, so now that we're importing batches, we have a lot of products on our store. It's time to import a media bar. Of course, the time to import a media bar is, actually, I would say, once you start importing products 25 per day, that's the time when you want to get also started with the onboarding, with the media bar. So we actually share with you our media bar, please ask me this. Personally, keep this exclusive to you. Don't share it with anyone else because this guy's really good at what he does. He has a very small team, so he can only handle a handful of people. So, don't go sharing with friends and family or whatever, just keep it for yourself. Use him as much as you want. He's very good at what he does. He's very cool. He jumps on calls with you. He's very kind. And we'll be using him also for our stores and policies, really fucking good at what he does. He has scaled us during Black Friday. Many good reviews also from other clients. We're very good friends with him also, so that's very nice. You have a good bond with your media bar. Because in the end, the media bar is the one who makes you the money. What is a media bar going to do? Might as well explain that a little bit. I already told you when to introduce him. So, once you have been through the initial setup phase, you've got the initial misrep. You face that, then that's the time you're going to onboard a media bar. So, he will set up the whole structure campaigns. I don't even know myself, honestly. Well, what structure campaign he sets up because it varies from clients to clients, depending on the GMC, how it's reacting to the products and so on. The good thing is also he gives you advice on trending products, categories. Hey, you should be focusing on this and this. This you can change. He sends two reports every week. So, it's also very nice. Yeah, only good feedback in my opinion. And what he does, well, like I said, he's going to set up a whole structure of campaigns. He's going to optimize. He's going to scale, down scale. Make sure that he hit a nice ROAS. Pretty much, he's just going to make you money on autopilot, which is very recognized. And what it allows you then to do is, since you don't have to focus on the media buying part, which honestly, we never even bought our learnings. We just wanted to outsource it so we could focus on the back end. Focus on our next batch, finding products, categories that are really untapped so we could outscale anyone else. We could focus on discussing with our supplier for better prices. We can work on our team, do good hires to make Google stores for us. There is so much you can do besides media buying. And of course, like, I mean, the media buyer, it costs some money. But the good thing is, the more money he makes you, the more money you will pay him. So it's a win-win situation, you know? If you're just getting started, you will barely pay him anything. But once you start scaling and you start making money, well, then obviously he 's also going to get his pay. And I know when you start off with him, it's 10% of the ad spend. So, for example, let's say in one month you did 100k spend, you're going to pay him 10k. But that means if you did 100k spend with a row of, let's say, 2.5, he made you 250k. And you're only paying him 10k. So it's a win-win situation and obviously he's not going to scale when you're not profitable, you know? It's also up to you to kind of like, I mean, he knows when he has to scale when he doesn't have to scale. Of course, he's not going to scale when you're not profitable. That makes sense. He's going to keep you on low budget until products start picking up. Once you have a few winners, that's the moon you will start scaling. And that's also what you've seen in the videos we made on YouTube and also we share in the Discord like. The first few weeks, you might not be profitable. That's normal. You're just buying data. Google isn't a data-driven algorithm. You're buying it all of data. But after that, you will see that you start being profitable. And then you might be unprofitable one day and then you'll be profitable, profitable, profitable. And at one point, you'll be just profitable just for a month straight. Like, I know that I can go to sleep tonight on my two ears and I'll be profitable tomorrow morning. It's just, once you are in the algorithm and you have bought some data on Google, you will just be profitable, profitable, profitable. And it's just insane. It's literally resetting like at the start. It's a money printer. But I'm not lying when I say it is. Every day, you will be profitable with a consistent row as a 2.5 up to 3. And it's also up to you to work on your back end to kind of improve that a row as. If you're stuck at a row as 2.2 or a row as 2.5, well, you have time to kind of locate the issue. Is it product feed? Is it my website? Or is it something in the back end that custom goods are being too high? Or, you know, there's so many things prided that you have to do. And that's something we will also discuss. In the next video, actually, I haven't written down here. Proper feed optimization. How do I do it? I do it on a daily, weekly basis, sorry. It's probably one of the most valuable videos we'll find as whole school community. But if I can give you one tip, use a media bar. We have never done without, especially for Google. You might think you come from meta. You've always done it yourself. But with Google, really, it's a different game. And if you want to outplay everyone on Google, this is the way you have to trust a media bar. You can ask the biggest players in Google. They all use media bars. And we are giving you direct access to our media bar. So make sure to use of it. If you don't, well, that's up to you. But we made this course to be as transparent as we can. Literally give our tools to you, to use. We don't care about other people using our connections that we had to work hard for. We just care about building a community and obviously our own stores. So, yeah. Like I said, if you want to get in contact with the media bar, to this at the M on Discord, create a ticket, we'll connect you straight away. I'll be on board today already. So, let's get it. Let's get it through feed optimization.

## 8.4 Why use a Mediabuyer_

Alright, so now that we're importing batches, we have a lot of products on our store. It's time to import a media bar. Of course, the time to import a media bar is, actually, I would say, once you start importing products 25 per day, that's the time when you want to get also started with the onboarding, with the media bar. So we actually share with you our media bar, please ask me this. Personally, keep this exclusive to you. Don't share it with anyone else because this guy's really good at what he does. He has a very small team, so he can only handle a handful of people. So, don't go sharing with friends and family or whatever, just keep it for yourself. Use him as much as you want. He's very good at what he does. He's very cool. He jumps on calls with you. He's very kind. And we'll be using him also for our stores and policies, really fucking good at what he does. He has scaled us during Black Friday. Many good reviews also from other clients. We're very good friends with him also, so that's very nice. You have a good bond with your media bar. Because in the end, the media bar is the one who makes you the money. What is a media bar going to do? Might as well explain that a little bit. I already told you when to introduce him. So, once you have been through the initial setup phase, you've got the initial misrep. You face that, then that's the time you're going to onboard a media bar. So, he will set up the whole structure campaigns. I don't even know myself, honestly. Well, what structure campaign he sets up because it varies from clients to clients, depending on the GMC, how it's reacting to the products and so on. The good thing is also he gives you advice on trending products, categories. Hey, you should be focusing on this and this. This you can change. He sends two reports every week. So, it's also very nice. Yeah, only good feedback in my opinion. And what he does, well, like I said, he's going to set up a whole structure of campaigns. He's going to optimize. He's going to scale, down scale. Make sure that he hit a nice ROAS. Pretty much, he's just going to make you money on autopilot, which is very recognized. And what it allows you then to do is, since you don't have to focus on the media buying part, which honestly, we never even bought our learnings. We just wanted to outsource it so we could focus on the back end. Focus on our next batch, finding products, categories that are really untapped so we could outscale anyone else. We could focus on discussing with our supplier for better prices. We can work on our team, do good hires to make Google stores for us. There is so much you can do besides media buying. And of course, like, I mean, the media buyer, it costs some money. But the good thing is, the more money he makes you, the more money you will pay him. So it's a win-win situation, you know? If you're just getting started, you will barely pay him anything. But once you start scaling and you start making money, well, then obviously he 's also going to get his pay. And I know when you start off with him, it's 10% of the ad spend. So, for example, let's say in one month you did 100k spend, you're going to pay him 10k. But that means if you did 100k spend with a row of, let's say, 2.5, he made you 250k. And you're only paying him 10k. So it's a win-win situation and obviously he's not going to scale when you're not profitable, you know? It's also up to you to kind of like, I mean, he knows when he has to scale when he doesn't have to scale. Of course, he's not going to scale when you're not profitable. That makes sense. He's going to keep you on low budget until products start picking up. Once you have a few winners, that's the moon you will start scaling. And that's also what you've seen in the videos we made on YouTube and also we share in the Discord like. The first few weeks, you might not be profitable. That's normal. You're just buying data. Google isn't a data-driven algorithm. You're buying it all of data. But after that, you will see that you start being profitable. And then you might be unprofitable one day and then you'll be profitable, profitable, profitable. And at one point, you'll be just profitable just for a month straight. Like, I know that I can go to sleep tonight on my two ears and I'll be profitable tomorrow morning. It's just, once you are in the algorithm and you have bought some data on Google, you will just be profitable, profitable, profitable. And it's just insane. It's literally resetting like at the start. It's a money printer. But I'm not lying when I say it is. Every day, you will be profitable with a consistent row as a 2.5 up to 3. And it's also up to you to work on your back end to kind of improve that a row as. If you're stuck at a row as 2.2 or a row as 2.5, well, you have time to kind of locate the issue. Is it product feed? Is it my website? Or is it something in the back end that custom goods are being too high? Or, you know, there's so many things prided that you have to do. And that's something we will also discuss. In the next video, actually, I haven't written down here. Proper feed optimization. How do I do it? I do it on a daily, weekly basis, sorry. It's probably one of the most valuable videos we'll find as whole school community. But if I can give you one tip, use a media bar. We have never done without, especially for Google. You might think you come from meta. You've always done it yourself. But with Google, really, it's a different game. And if you want to outplay everyone on Google, this is the way you have to trust a media bar. You can ask the biggest players in Google. They all use media bars. And we are giving you direct access to our media bar. So make sure to use of it. If you don't, well, that's up to you. But we made this course to be as transparent as we can. Literally give our tools to you, to use. We don't care about other people using our connections that we had to work hard for. We just care about building a community and obviously our own stores. So, yeah. Like I said, if you want to get in contact with the media bar, to this at the M on Discord, create a ticket, we'll connect you straight away. I'll be on board today already. So, let's get it. Let's get it through feed optimization.

## 8.5 Product Feed optimization

Feed optimization. A lot of questions about this topic. And finally, I'm reading to you guys, how do we out-scale pretty much everyone in the market because of feed optimization? It might sound very fancy and very complicated, but trust me, once you understand what I'm saying here, it really is not that deep. And you will understand why we are out-sc aling orders and somewhere just stuck at $100 per day. So let's do it in steps. I wrote down the three biggest things I do. Let me break them up down for you. Here we go. So first of all is, as you have seen in our product, we're seeing as our VB list products without discounts. So when the GMC is pretty fresh, let's say the first month, the GMC is still a bit like fresh. You have to be careful what you do. We list the products without discounts. So 25 products per day without discounts. Then once the GMC is a bit more age, let's say like one, two months older, that's the moment when we're going to start introducing discounts. So we will start work and that's also the moment we transition to launching batches instead of 25 per day to kind of prevent a GMC mischief. And once we start doing batches, like let's say a batch of 50 products, 20 products of the 50 products, I will put on a 50% discount. 10 of those products I would put on 30% discount. Then I would put 10 on a 10% discount and all the rest I would put no discount. So you can show to Google like, hey, not all the items are always on discount. I have items without discounts, 50% discount, 30% discount, 20% discount. You can't have to choose yourself. There is no magic number around it. It's just me and well, our product lister just deciding okay. When it's a good product picture, for example, like if you've been in dropsh ipping quite some time, you kind of know what other winners want or not. For example, this one really popular sweater. We will put this one on 50% discount. This one also really popular 50% discount . If it's a pretty blurry image, like, I don't know, this image is not really that great. The Christmas tree is way too in your face. The woman's weird teeth like this, we would put on zero discounts. This is not our store. I just take the screenshot from a competitor, but you get the points . That's how we're going to optimize the feeds also. It's going to prevent the misrep. Like I said, uploading batches. So first you upload products without discount and then you're going to start uploading batches with discounts and like, you know, mixing the discounts like I mentioned. But that means at some point, at some stage in the GMC, you will start getting sales on products without discounts, can be coincidence. And the way to track this is obviously when you have a top announcement banner saying winter sale and someone wants to buy an item, but it 's not on sale, but it actually matches their search term. Well, they might think twice about buying it because there is a winter sale. I see a lot of items on discount, but this one's not. And that's probably a product that has been on your store for quite some time, but you'd upload it without a discount because back in the days, you have to upload without a discount. So the way to do this, and I do it pretty much every week, I go to the woman category on my website and to the men category on my website. And I just scroll, I just scroll, I sort them by best selling. So the best seller product would call us first, then the second best seller, third best seller, and so on. So these are all best sellers and I see, okay, sale, sale, sale, sale, sale, sale. Oh, this one doesn 't have a sale, but it's on the best seller page. And it doesn't have a sale. So that means this product, I have to put it on a sale. And boom, we keep going. So here's sales, sale, sale, all good. Oh, here, again, this is on these two products are on the first page of your best sellers and they're not on sale. Well, that means it's time to put them on sale because they're already getting sales without a discount. So imagine with a discount is literally going to boost that product quite a lot. And if you keep scrolling here, another one, so this store is actually not doing a great job on their feed optimization, because their first page has products without discounts. Like that's insane. So really, they have to focus on putting these products on this account . And honestly, I would do it depending on the amount of sales you're getting on the stores. Like if you're doing 50 sales per day, I would say, I don't know, do the first four pages. The first four pages have all to be on this account. If you're doing around 200 sales per day, well, let's say the first six pages have to be on this account. Like, again, this is something like, I just, I don't follow any rules. We make this, there is no specific rules, but just make sure that your feed is kind of mixed sales, no sales, 50%, 30%, 40% mix up the sales. But on your bestseller pages, especially the first three, four, five, six, I mentioned bestseller pages. But what it is, it's just the woman collection and the men collection sorted by best selling. And then you just scroll through the pages and you're going to put on sale, the items that are not on sale yet, because you will give them a boost. So that's the first feed optimization that I do. And I do that every week on all of our GMCs. The second one is called killing zombie products. What are zombie products? It 's products that you listed a time ago, but they're not getting sales. They're not getting any spent , or they might be getting spent, they're just not getting sales. Those are called zombie products , and we want to draft those. Obviously, we don't want to do it at the start of our GMC journey, because obviously, like it takes time before Google dedicates some spans, or even indexes all the products in the first place. So I would say if your GMC is one, two, three months old, and then you can start doing this. So what you do is you go to the products on Shopify, you click on the rights, you click on these two arrows, create it, and then all those first. And then you will see products, and you will just open them and look on the right side, you will see this sales. If it has not got recent sales, that means it's a zombie product, because obviously, the oldest items are going to be shown as first, and if it still doesn't have in sale, that means it's just a zombie product is there. It is taking space in your feet, and it's not being used properly, or it's not even getting spent. And products that are taking space in your feet are making it so other products are also less likely to get spent. So it's important you remove those products as soon as possible, and the way to remove this is to draw them. Don't delete them, don't archive them, draw them. Why? Because if one day, let's say during a season switch, you want to put the products back, then you can just enable them again. Dropping a product will also make it remove from the product feed on the Google merge center because of Synthros is the app we installed together. So it's really important to draw products after let's say two months your GMC being alive. So you already got quite some spend on the GMC, and this is the time where you're going to draw products on the feet to kind of make space for new products to get spent. If it looks somewhat like this, you open the product, and it says sales has 90 days, 5 units sold, that means good, the product is getting sales, we keep it on, because it might catch momentum pretty soon. Obviously, newly imported products, you don't want to drop them because obviously they're pretty new, they probably didn't even get spent yet, so you want to wait with drafting those. What you can do, but that's really more advanced and honestly, I don't do it myself, is compare it like you can check, okay, a product, for example, this Bianca elegant chick dress. Okay, it has zero sales, you're going to go into Google ads, search for the product in the feeds, or in the Google merge center, and then you're going to see did it even get spent or not. If it's getting spent on no sales for sure, draft it, if it got zero spent, well, you can decide to draft it or not. Honestly, I'm very direct with this. If it has no sale, I'm just going to draft it. I don't care if it got spent, or if it didn't get spent, I'm just going to draft it. There is enough products in e-com to test on your websites that one product is not going to make a big difference . You might be thinking, okay, how many times a week should I do this? How often should I do this? I would say do this every month, don't do it weekly, but do it every month. Why? Because if you're going to draft a lot of products at once, you might also trigger a misread. So be careful with that. If you're going to draft zombie products, do like, I don't know, 50 per day or 100 per day. The best way I would advise you to do this and people in the inner circle that have been here for a while, know it is if you're drafting 50 products, you can also launch a batch of 50 products. So it's kind of even zit out, you know, you draw 50 products, but you 're going to launch 50 products. So the GMC won't even feel that something happens, because you're really balancing it out. And that's honestly the best way to go on with this. But honestly, if you have a GMC, which is not profitable, then just be harsh and draw for all the zombie products without feelings. And then the last one, which is really an underrated one, is product titles. I consider this also as feed optimization. For example, this dress, we've all seen it, Bianca elegant sheet dress. Why is this title very bad? Because it doesn't have any of the keywords that people are looking for. I mean, it has dress, but sheet dress is not being searched by people. Elegant dress, maybe, but not that often. What would be a better title for this product would be Bianca, elegance, maxi, summer sheet dress, or elegant maxi dress. That's also already good. If you want to make it a bit longer, and you can choose, or even this, I see it's pleated. And I know pleated on the top of my head is a very, very, very popular keyword on Google. Well, the perfect title will be elegance, pleated maxi dress, boom, you got max i dress, you got pleated maxi dress, and you got pleated dress, and you got elegant dress, all in one product title. So if people look for any of those keywords, they will find your dress. That's how you pretty much covered with one product. You cover multiple sub categories, because people looking for maxi dresses will find you. People are looking for pleated dresses will find you. People looking for an elegant dress will find you. It's just insane. And people really underrate this method. It's our product lister who did this, but obviously we educated him to do so. We just review his product titles and we constantly gave feedback until he started understanding the way we think, and he could also implement it. For example, here, there's a good example, Aidan, men's stylish leather strap ankle boots. So strap ankle boots ankle is really also a very popular keyword for boots. Letter is being mentioned. People sometimes ask me, do you have to mention the gender in the title? You can see it here, but the honestly no. Google is smart enough to know if a product is for men and women. And there's also apps that can help with that that your media buy can set up for you. Like data watch feed, I think it's called or product watch feed, something like that to feed optimizer app. But I mean, I think some media buyers do it. Is it going to make you go from zero to 100k days? No, can it help? Maybe I'm not sure. We've scaled stores manually also, but you don't have to mention the gender in the title. You can, but you don't have to up to you. So that's about the product titles. And then one thing I also want to mention is how do we gain momentum so quickly? Because you've probably seen our videos and you've seen a scale from zero to 10 or even 40k days within a week or a month. Well, the way we do it is, for example, I took this competitor. Everything's priced 44, 29, 39, 44, 34. You see it's really consistent price. All the products are rounded to four or nine. The way how are we going to out compete people that have already listed in either? For example, I did my research and I'm going to list Christmas sweaters, but how am I going to outplay this guy who's already gained momentum with these photos? Well, the answer is pretty simple. Price yourself just a little bit lower than the competitors. Instead of 30, 95, put yourself at 37.95 until you start gaining momentum on that product. And you can start scaling it. And then when you've gained momentum for a certain product, then you can increase it to the closest four or nine. So that's pretty much because indorption, you have to understand everyone is listing the same products. Even we are doing that, but the way to outscale everyone else is by listing your prices just a little bit lower than the competition. So you can really outscale everyone out there. So these are the four points that I want to mention about feed optimization. I hope it's clear. I don't think you 'll ever see another more valuable video than this from someone else except AB because we know what the fuck we're doing. We do this every day, every week. I hope you took notes and yep, let's get it.

## 8.6 Product Feed size

Right, something also for you really important to understand is the size of your Google merge center again. So these we call them SKUs. They say here in the Google merge center total products but they're actually SKUs. So what's the comfortable amount to have SKUs in your Google merge center? Obviously it depends on the ad spend because you don't want to have the same amount of SKUs on a 50 euro ad spend per day, then you have on a 1000 euro ad spend per day, you know? Because if you want a S spend per day and you have 24,000 SKUs, imagine how little of a amounts one SKU will get up with the S spend. That's why it's really important to kind of balance it out. I don't have any numbers for you. I can give you numbers but then I'm going to mean anything to you because it's like it's pretty vague. There is no one specific number, no magic numbers. Like I said, there is no magic numbers in Google. It's just like a bit of feeling that you have to create and that's why we created this course also for you to really get this feeling and get the hang of Google ads and Google merge center and how everything works. But if you want my advice, let's say you're on the 100 euro budget which is usually the initial budget you start on when the media buyer does his initial campaign, let's say you want to build up to, I don't know, let's say 10,000 SKUs. That's kind of a comfortable place to be because Google will find products and start dedicating spend to certain products. And once you start getting consistent sales, you start becoming profitable, then you can start adding more products and you can grow to let's say 20,000. 20,000 is a very comfortable position to be in 20,000 SKUs is where we also did 40K days, 60K days. Obviously 20,000s between 20,000 and 30,000 if you're on really high spent. But let's say most of you guys will be very comfortable. I reach very great numbers with around 20K SKUs. But keep in mind your ad spend has to go with it. So don't increase the amount of SKUs when the budget is also not following. So that's why it's also really important to communicate well with your media bar and kind of catch up with each other on a weekly basis and be like, okay, how much ad spend are we currently at? Are we still profitable? Are we not? Is it time that we should add more SKUs? What's working? What's not working? What products are currently popping off? Is it dresses? Well, then we're going to double that. We're going to import maybe another batch of dresses. Let's say 50 products in one week, a batch, let me say. You kind of have to like get a feeling of that. And it's important, really important. I get it eventually once again, but that your budget grows with the SKU line. So don't launch 25,000 SKUs on a $50 budget. That's not going to make no sense. And it's going to take a very, very long time for you to become profitable, because there's too many products that Google has to analyze and find out which one is working, which one's not. If there is a little group of products, which are really good and well picked and picked by you, well, then Google is going to be okay. These products are working pretty well. And then you will see that spend will be climbing up and to find more winners to multiply your revenue. Well, you need to add more batches. And that's the moment you're going to start adding batches based on the winners you already have. You see how I'm talking like this flu these, because we're doing this every day. It's really important that we get even with our COO, a weekly overview of our GMCs. Okay, how many SKUs are there? How much at spend is currently at? And then we can kind of see, okay, where do we need to do some, delete the zombie products or where should we do a feed cleanup? All these kinds of things you can make decisions based on the amount of SKUs and the amount of at spend. So I just want to tell you guys this is also really important to keep an eye on that. And yep, let's get to the next module.

## 8.7 Pythago Feed Optimization (EXTRA)

all right the video you all have been waiting for honestly as you see in our whole business in our whole google econ business we don't use any tools or at least like specific tools like AI tools or whatever other gurus or anything like that will always tell you use this tool use this tool just to make their life easier they don't have to explain you too much but we really like to go deep into everything so you also understand where something is coming from you know we could just tell you hey use this tool and it will facilitate your whole life no we've rather explained to you step by step how it's done manually and then will implement tools to make it easier but at least you understand the concept of why we're using certain things or why we're doing it now this tool called Pitago we found it honestly a month ago just on time actually because I was doing this alone I was doing this manually before so I was really going to every product on Shopify checking the data from Google Ads GMC and so on and it was taking me a long time like for every store it took me about a day to do a feed optimization and with this tool I can literally do all of my stores in less than an hour almost it is really nice because it brings in the Shopify data Google Ads data and Google merge center data all in one that's really a problem Google has right now is data is everywhere you know you have data in the Google Ads in the GMC and in Shopify and usually it's not even accurate this tool blends it all together and gives you a clear dashboard where you could see rowers of the last seven days 14 days 30 days to spend that the product got the CPC a CTR you can see so much data about a product and also on variance level I'm going to show here you can see on every variant okay for example you might have a product which is performing bad but it's only one variant that is performing bad you know that's why I decided to make this video to really explain to you guys how can this tool be used and why is it such an advantage when doing Google fashion drops me or any niche honestly I'm talking about fashion but you could also do it for any niche and there is also other features like import products competitors but honestly I don't use those features I just care about the dashboard it's super easy to implement this tool it only takes a few clicks compared to other tools where you have to create tokens and whatever fancy stuff this is literally two clicks and done it takes less than five minutes and I'll see the pricing for me is worth it because it saves me so much time and time as you guys know is money because if I had more time I can build more Google stores that will generate me more money in the long run so when are we going to use this tool really important these are our rules that we set for our team but obviously you can go freestyle with this like I said many many times there is no magic numbers in Google I just say it because that's how I do it but you don't have to copy me one by one so we're going to use this tool one time every two weeks so we're going to do a Patago cleanup we call it or feed optimization you could also call it or during a season switch during a season switch we're gonna be more aggressive and I'm gonna show you how we actually do this more specific but during like one time every two weeks we're gonna do the regular way during a season switch I'm gonna also explain you what we're doing and also zombie products we're gonna explain what that is and what you can do with them but really important is that you understand this tool I like that you will be able to navigate really quickly I see that Google ads a connection expired so I actually have to redo this but we're gonna use this example right now this is an old store of ours it wasn 't Denmark so you'll and the store honestly wasn't that great but let's dive into it together and we'll have a look so usually what we do is there is a lot of data here so first we want to filter I want to see only products that get at least 19 spent because from calculations we saw that the cost per acquisition so the CPA in Google was around 23 26 dollars so what we want to see is at least products that got 19 spend because then I will be able to see okay 19 spent they didn't get a sale or not if it didn't I will just drop it you know on Google that's a nice thing you have so many products and they keep on rotating because you're importing new batches that you want to kill products that are not profitable or not hugely profitable really quick so 19 spent for me that's already enough you could say yeah but my CTA is about 26 so I want to have it on 26 I was also thinking the same way but honestly for me it's more important to kill products early than let them run until 26 and eat all of that as spent so we're gonna do here is minimum cost I'm gonna put it on 19 there we go that's already gonna filter a lot as you can see here we only have 21 products now like I said this GMC didn't get much spent so we're gonna see a not many products that got spent as you can see here total at spent was about 1,000 euros but I don't see this is a really good example you can do this a small scale but also big scale so what we're gonna then do is it needs to have a maximum rowers of two so everything above rowers to we're already filtering them out because for us that's a really good product with a lot of potential anything that's below rowers to we'll have to review it manually so what we're gonna do is max rowers to there we go so now we have a list of all products that didn't reach a row as to and got at least 19 spent so as you can see here minimum spent usually I would put this on 50 right now there's only four during products shown so here what do we see so we see average rows of 30 days so I always look in this tool I'm gonna look from right to left so rowers 30 days 1. rowers last 14 days with a 220 spent has been 108 rowers that's absolutely nuts so what do we see here from right to left we see that it's going in an uptrend so probably the first 30 days it wasn't really profitable but then it started gaining momentum and it actually makes sense because these kind of photos are becoming more and more popular now that the season is switching so you might say okay 1.7 and they got a total aspect of 500 sorry of 501 I don't sorry 289 in the 30 days we might let it run indeed yes because we see a very high uptrend in the last seven days it didn't get any ad spend sadly so we're gonna leave this on but for example the second one here we look this is not a good example so it got in total 85 as spent okay here he goes 85 as spent in total so obviously here 1.48 and then there is no improvement so this we're gonna select this is gonna be a draft again here we look from right to left so 81 spent in total no sales no sales no sale this is an immediate draft this summer shorts no uptrends from right to left this is gonna be a draft here 46 expense 1.47 but there is no uptrends from right to left dropped and honestly here I don't even have to review the data because it's just red red red red red red so these are all gonna be drafts this is by the way a really raw video like I haven't prepared anything it's just me diving into the dashboard and explaining to you how should you read this data and how should you drop based on some confusing so here we see 289 spent in total this product in total in the last 30 days the roses 1.73 but in the last 14 days the rose increased drastically and it's skyrocketed to rose 108 which is absolutely insane I know it only got two dollar two euros spent so this means in the last 14 days you get two dollar euros spent maybe on the 30 days it wasn't profitable but in the last 14 days it's showing a lot of potential so we would leave this product on because obviously we also have to think logically in this scenario this is a product which is still in high demand you know if it was this product with the same stats it's a really big winter jacket I would drop it because the reason this product is probably not gonna this was probably just a lucky sale you know we could consider this as a lucky sale but since this product isn't really high demand I'm gonna leave it on if it this was a jacket like I said I would drop it because we want to drop all the jackets anyways you know and the nice thing about this tool is once you have everything selected selected you can click here set to dropped and that will all automatically drop your products also in Shopify which is really nice so you can really just work in this dashboard and you don't have to switch between Shopify or go to any other tools you know so this is number one this is drafting based of data now if we're gonna look more broad so sometimes I also just remove all my filters and I have a little reads you know in my data which I dive into this like for hours because I really want to become an expert in reading data data is really important with Google you buy data so might as well use it so here if you find more examples let's see we don't really have many good products here like this store was really not good but let's see here for example we see here in the last 30 days got 77 spent here row us 2.9 but then it didn't get any spend any more in the last 14 days and last seven days so this product we would leave on for sure because it's showing a lot of potential but it's just not getting any spend right now so you want to remove all the shit products so our best performing products are gonna start getting spent again because that's the problem with Google you know you have so many products that get at spent but only a few of them are really gonna make you profitable so you want to remove products that get at spent but are not profitable as soon as possible so here for example same 71 spans but then it didn't get any spend anymore you know here for example 21 spans then five spend no sales no sales I would drop this one but we already saw this product that pretty sure here again good example it's got 21 spent 16 rows insane but then it didn't get any spent anymore I'm gonna try and see if I can find some products with more spend for example here 14 spent 12 spent still no sales honestly for me I would drop this one because I don't see any potential you can be really you can be really aggressive when drafting products or you can be a bit more smooth for example this is a really good product it showed three dollars three years spent 20 rows two years spent 29 rows this is really winter and you can see it's also a seasonal product so it makes sense you know here again five one and then boom I'll dive into another store to show you guys a bit more precise data because I know it can maybe sound a bit confusing when seeing this data let's go into another store all right we're on another store now this store I already did a feed did a feed optimization a week ago but let's dive again into it we'll probably see some more some more data we can analyze you know so it's showing me the draft products for some reason I don't want to see the drop of products there we go active only so boom now it's showing me only the active products see now we can already dive a bit more into the data so what we did we stay we said a minimum spent so minimum cost was 19 and then max rowers of two there we go I will see I already did my feed optimization so it's quite hard but let's see all the products with 19 spent so here for example this is a really good one so 22 spent three rowers and then it got 15 spent no sale eight spent no sale so for me this honestly is a draft because it only showed sales in the first 30 days and then it started decreasing from right to left so for me this would be a draft for example here to read this if you see like green yellow green that's good you know if you see green red green it's you need to analyze it for example I'm trying to find an example here yeah like I don't really see the perfect example here but for example here here we see okay so in the last 60 days it got 60 dollar spends on an overall row is f2.58 in the last 14 days it's been 24 but no sales and then in the last Sunday it's been 12 and still no sales this also would be a draft you know you could say yeah but it's got potential because it had a good rows in the last 30 days no we really want to draft quickly here this product is not a crazy winner as you can see these are crazy winners you know 5 rows 3.7 6 3 5.7 4 these are winners that we want to keep in our feet you know like we said with Google we always want to be around row as tree that's just personal preference for me but for example this this is already in a bit danger zone this one also row is 2.61 you could argue yeah but in the last 14 days it only got seven spent and three spent this is up to you personally I would draft it because I don't see much potential in this product but totally up to you this one here for example 19 spent 5.6 row as probably a lucky sale 16 no sale and it's a really oversized winter jacket I'm gonna draft it you know this one same here but this one showed profitability in two so that's fine let's remove our filter maybe I'll find another good example for you guys okay this one we already saw you see these are the type of winners that we want you know profitable after profitable after profitable profitable after profitable and this didn't get any spending more probably because a bad product is taking spent instead this kind of the way you want to look at this data I can dive into this for hours know but I'm thinking you're gonna get the hang of it I'm trying to find an example like sometimes you will see an example where the row as here shows let 's say 1.7 but then it shows 2.5 and then here it shows 3.5 that's an uptrend you know that's why I said always look from right to left really important because if you see an uptrend that's always good and that's a green flag that means we should keep this product on it's really important because at the start it might have been a bit too early to enable that product on your story you imported it but if you see an uptrend that's really good and you want to keep that product active you know another cleanup that we do so this is just the feed optimization the pittago feed optimization we call it and another cleanup that we do on our stores is called the seasonal transition cleanup so what we would do really aggressive is the season we want to clean up is winter so we're gonna do here we're gonna look up all the winter products and if is not a huge winner we're gonna drop it no feelings attached to it for example this draft drafts draft draft everything that is red or yellow I'm gonna drop you know these really big winter jackets like all this fur and everything you know I'm just gonna drop this boom there's only 23 winter products because like I said I already did the cleanup so if there is any there is their new or they're profitable for example this are all huge winners 17 row us 45 25 80 these are insane roses for five ros that's good but all the rest I'm just gonna drop it without any feelings so that's kind of how we do the seasonal drafting there is so much more you can do this with this tool but like I said we only discovered this a few weeks ago so I'm still new to this tool I would welcome you to really dive into this tool it has unlimited options you can do so much with it and you can have a clear data in your store you know you know what products are scaling you see what products are winners and you could double down on those for example if you see that orthopedic sandals are really crushing it with high rowers well you could in general and you could import another batch of orthopedic sandals next week you know and this is kind of how we're gonna use this tool if you use our link to install this tool I think the first month is free or I know the first month is 50% discount so if you want to give it a try go ahead make sure to use our link so you kind of support us in a way also but yeah that was it about feed optimization using pitago I use this tool myself and I would only promote tools that I also use myself so that's why we're here yeah let's let's get straight into it I guess

## 8.8 Having the right Pixel Data (WeTracked)

Alright, welcome back to a new video in this video about a pixel, pixel settings and attribution. So what is a pixel? Most of you are already coming from meta ads so you will already know what's going on here. But for people who don't know it, a pixel is like the connection between your Google ads and your Shopify. And whenever you are running like a campaign on your Google ads and someone is being sent to your Shopify store, they might purchase. And if they purchase, but Shopify is not sending back this data because of cookie restrictions or whatever they are inventing lately, then your Google ads might be not getting the rights data. As you know, Google ads is an algorithm, an algorithm needs data in order to perform. And if it's not getting the right data, or if it's not getting 100% of the data , then it will never perform to its fullest potential, you know? So this makes sense, right? So what we can do to have this, like, I wouldn't say 100% accurate data, but 99 .9% accurate data is we install WeTract. WeTract is a tool. You have multiple of these who have triple whale pixel attribution. You have track B, but due to our most recent experiences, WeTract is currently the best tool for the Google ads. Back in the day it used to be track B, but we hear it from media buyers and big players all over that WeTract is taking over the stage again. And what you actually do, you get like a subscription on WeTract, it's even with discount if you use our link or whatever. If you set up WeTract, this will actually get the data from Shopify, send it back in a proper way so that every platform is having all of the data that it needs in order to perform to its fullest potential. So never underestimate the importance of this, just having the Google ad stack and not having any tracking attribution settings in place will not do the job, most of the media buyers you will work with will also ask you to either set up track B, WeTract, triple whale, whatever. So make sure that you install it, right? Because it's important without data, the algorithm will never work. So this few dollars per month will not make you bankrupt, but it will do a lot in terms of returns and revenue and stuff like that. So make sure to check it out, I have to put the link underneath. So yeah.
