# Section 9: Advanced

## 9.1 Returns, Refunds & Chargebacks

All right, now you're making revenue and you think the easy game is done Well keeping the revenue in your pocket might be even harder. Let me explain you a lot of people Especially when you're doing fashion or home decor where you have like sometimes broken pieces or about fashion wrong sizes A lot of people or some people will ask for a refund or want to return the product to you in order to get a full refund Obviously in most countries you are obligated to accept this, but there are some rules you can bend to your favor Let's say I am selling in the USA and I just sent my parcel from China to the US on my US store I can ask the customer to have the shipping costs for the return on him Also the duties custom expenses everything like that You can put this on the customer instead of on yourself So we use this actually as leverage for getting less customers to return their packets actually Because that's the most expensive right when someone returns the package You have to refund him hundred percent and that's where you lose a lot of money because you already paid for the fulfillment You already paid for the advertisement costs and stuff like that So you kind of want to have the lowest return or refunds percentage possible How do we do this? We do this by customer service emo flows. Make sure to train your email agency What's doing your customer service as good as possible in order to get the least amount of refunds at the end of the month For your ID if you could be under three percent of your total Revenue as refund so let's say you do 100k Revenue in December if you can only refund 3k then you're good You're doing very good if this this is obviously for fashion because that's what we do But you're always gonna have people want to refund or return, right? Unfortunately, that is how it's going and this world will only be more and more about refunds and returns think about it I'm not sure if every one of you knows Alando, but a lot of people I know who ordered their they order just multiple sizes and they know oh I can set it back for free And their mindset goes like every company should do this, right? So you really need to look at the local laws. Let's say Australia is totally different from the EU The EU you have a lot of consumer protection rights, but in Australia Let's say you're not even obligated to let the client return it You obviously need to do your own due diligence on that, but still guys It's very important to know everything about your market and how you can leverage the customer protection rights to your favor Because obviously these are made for you to lose money So now it's okay. How can I play the game where I still keep the most amount of money in my pocket following the rules Right because you don't want to be sued by any customer protection service or anything But right so what we do with our customer service We offer a partial refund or we let them return so we say something like hey We're so our apologies that quality or a seismometer expectations Please give us a reason for refund rights because that's the first thing you want to know you want to actually know Why they want to refund secondly we offer them a partial refund instead of them having to return it to China Which will cost them one the shipping to the custom duties and three you can even add like an administration fee in some countries This one is a little bit sketchy you need to check it and in some countries you can put this in your policies Which which is actually very favorable for you to drop the return percentage or refund percentage at the end of the month So that's why we started right 10% partial refund If they don't return it we go all the way up to 30 in our second email If they don't agree and then in our last email, this is like a top of our funnel here We say okay, we will refund up to 50% but it's like tops unless we know someone will file a charge back If they really threatened to do that or try to do a claim or anything like that It's not worth it for like 50 bucks to be sued You know if you're saying the USA that can happen it has luckily never happens to us But in the u.s. They sue for everything, but you know what I'm trying to say here, right? You rather lose 50 bucks then go to a whole lot of headache with Governments and stuff like that, you know. Yeah, refunds and returns We try to reduce them as much as possible and it's very important to a beat test your flows like that Write your funnel because you will see on a bigger scale that even the slightest change in your funnel can change a lot in your Outcome of the refund percentage. I might even drop some customer service Fennels that we base our emails on in the underneath the video So yeah, we'll do that you can use it but only use it as like a basic or or like make it's According to your store, right? Because it's very important. It depends a lot on the local market and the local people some countries It's less likely they will return actually so you can start lower Where in some countries like us you might want to start with 20% partial refunds right ahead But these are things you you have to check yourself and test yourself Because these are a beat test and it will save you a lot of money Then we have the worst part and that's the chargebacks There's not a lot you can do about chargebacks and like I've explained earlier Unfortunately, there are some people who are really abuses. They come to their bank and they are like yeah I didn't pay this myself or the item is not as a scribe or they are scamming me or blah, blah, you know So then a chargeback comes in into your shopify account And then you have to find it and provide evidence that you actually did the right thing according to the local customer service rights This is very tough. This is not nice This is one of the worst things ever in e-commerce I find because a lot of people abuse it They just don't like the product instead of going to the funnel which is according to the rights they have right? They just file a charge back through their bank. It's like the easy way out, but still it's like this We have to handle it right and for every problem. We need to find a solution within e-commerce So this is our solution. What you can do number one is add this purifier alerts on your store So we do this always as soon as our store is live. We add this purifier alerts I will also add a link for this purifier like a certain little referral link But you will save some money on the first three months I think it is or lifetime. I'm not sure I will drop it underneath So please use this one if you want to but you can set up chargeback alerts And once you can do then or what this means it means that you intercept the chargeback Between when the client calls the bank and when it comes into Shopify Because once it comes into Shopify, this is a liability for your Shopify payments Your Shopify payments believe me when I'm saying this is one of your best assets So you want to protect this at all costs. It's very important to have a healthy Shopify payments a healthy Chargeback rate under 0.5% if you want to be totally safe You can go up to 1% and then they block you or even before that like sometimes they are very random But please understand that Shopify payments is very nice to have and that having other payment processors is not always ideal I've talked about the new good payment processor We have if you're on board like a store with 1k that's almost the same as Shop ify So this one payment processor is also an asset, but apart from that all other payment processors I know are not a good fit if you are doing e-commerce the way we are doing it, but besides that So we have the dispute fire alerts which intervenes the chargeback and that's why you want to have right Okay, you pay a small fee, but it doesn't come into Shopify as if it is a So by that you protect your account and the way Shopify looks at you Because even if at one store you have a higher chargeback rate You can have or you can be blocked at all your accounts So you don't want to have this it's very important that you stay healthy with Shopify, right? So chargebacks you want to avoid these and if you cannot avoid them You want to find them and win them because that's also an argument like that you can use in any case of trouble with Shopify Okay, we have had 10 chargeback Let's say, but we've won seven of them because it was not right what the customer was saying here So you always want to avoid chargebacks if you fight them you want to win them provide all the evidence You can think about proof of delivery quality inspection depends on the reason of the chargeback But you do want to have this we ourselves we hired a chargeback specialist a few months ago And it's but one of the best assets we have in our company because we are sleeping on both of our ears and knowing That like the money that people want to get refunded like in the unethical way But charging back that we can still recover a tiny bit of this because in the long run this will cost us tens of thousands if not more because some people just Find it funny to order something and then when they are not 100% satisfied instead of going by the law They just called our bank. So this is it about returns, refunds and chargebacks But the most important is keep everything as low as possible in terms of returns Refunds but try to avoid chargebacks at all costs because it's very important Okay, next up in the module we will talk about the email flows and how to leverage these on your Shopify web store

## 9.2 Email flows + Delayed Shipping flows

Next step when you're already making some revenue is super important to leverage email marketing I really cannot say how important it is because it's so damn important What we see on some stores and it really depends on what you actually doing with that differ into that obviously The what we see on some stores is up to 20 percent attributed revenue Which means when without email marketing we would have had 100k revenue It would become 120k which is absolutely nuts because okay You still have to pay an agency or you can do it in house But I wouldn't advise you to do it yourself, right? But you can hire someone in house you can hire an agency and okay You need to pay them But this is really the easiest money ever because the people that are buying from email marketing Already showed some point of interest and as we always say in some videos You need to have different points of contact with your customer before they buy Ideally up to seven an e-commerce sometimes can get lower right because it's more of an impulse buy But this is something really important to take in the back of your head and really acknowledge that It's very important to have multiple touch points with your customers email marketing is one of the easiest ways to do this And let me show you a little bit more about email marketing here on the screen So this is a graph on which we per year see the the meta YouTube snapshot and t iktok costs, right? Let's say YouTube is Google here because obviously it also has some spikes But what you can see is in certain periods of the year and it's almost always Q There's a way higher purchase rate or cost per purchase than in any other period of the year and in Q2 You also have a little bit increase compared to Q1 and Q3 But that's exactly the point right because your advertising cost will skyrocket or sometimes get down depending on the period depending on the demand But even marketing is something very consistent, right? You build this customer audience over the time with thousands and thousands and thousands of people you feel it And it just starts sending them out emails you have two options You have the email campaigns and you have the email flows of email flow is actually where someone comes into when they have an abandoned checkup, right? These are the people that already showed high intent of buying they already added something to card They already reached the check out and then with the email marketing you're gonna retarget them and remember them like Hey, you saw that you like this item you left it in your card with this coupon code You can even have 10% off if you buy it today things like that really convert a lot And then you also have campaigns which you send out to either your whole Consumer list or like the last 30 days we showed interest like there's a lot of possible variations You can do with email marketing lists But more on that with an agency or with in-house But actually my point is like this is free extra revenue You would actually be stupid if you don't do this on a new store Our rule of temp is as soon as a store does over 1k revenue per day Then we start implementing flows as soon as does over 3k revenue per day for a consistent period Then we also start with email campaigns. We have one agency we use but I will go back to that later, right? A quick resume here as well. What will happen over time like in the long run your ad cost will increase that something We've seen in history that the ad cost keeps going up So you will always need to be competing on conversion rate on AOV But with email marketing you can also compete on LTV, which is lifetime value of a customer You already converted him once and let's buy him twice. That's a goal, right? So as you can see your CPA stats for cost per acquisition It increases over time, but email costs they remain flat and as long as someone is in your email list You can literally send out emails to him basically for free, right? As mentioned here and as I've mentioned already multiple touch points means higher conversion That's the most easy rule of temp we have. You can use email marketing for three main reasons, right? First one direct acquire Second one increase lifetime value third one informed customers and even the third one goat underestimated as very important It's an investment email marketing. It's not a cost at all. Let's break down each one of these directly acquire With email flows and email campaigns. You can literally acquire people who already left their email behind But we didn't go over to purchase. So you literally lost this leads It's now your time to send them an email and actually convert this leads as mentioned Checkouts initiated at the card initiated purchase initiated Every single one of these is where you can literally make a lot of money and recover a lot of people who got distracted when buying like Let's say they were checking out feeling in their details and they got a message or they got called and they forgot to check out, right? They are completely gone unless you remind them with an email also increasing L TV You can literally have a customer by one two three four five times even more if you Deliver some solid quality and your email marketing shows them always the newest products Someone who bought a jacket another jacket. Let's say today isn't gonna buy a new little jacket tomorrow, right? But within one month when the season changes and you show your new best sellers or you highlight some new products Chances are very high that this same person would like an item that they see on the email, right? so that's very important to have the LTV and it really also increases the AOV and that's the way to Outcompete your your competitors like directly into 2026, right? Number three inform your customers don't underestimate this because you are probably shipping from China, right? And you have some Arguably very long shipping times you don't want to have this but it's anyway like that because your supplier is based in China So what do you need to do instead of just let the customer be fucked like this? No, you want to inform them you want to keep them updated on their order We have whole custom flows on what are or where just or what the status is of someone's parcel Let's say today they bought right and we know within 10 to 40 days It will arrive on average while we do them tomorrow is hey. Thank you for your order We're so grateful blah blah blah the day after that we send an update automated saying hey Because of high volume Unfortunately, your order is having a slight delay. We're so sorry Here's a small coupon code because we are sorry delay 20 20% off and just by having this coupon code, right? We already recovered a lot of customers, which is absolutely insane was one of the best converting flows we had after a few days Again, we send up okay. We're so sorry, but finally your parcel has been sent out, right? Customers happy it went to the through the last quality checks and it's finally on the way And then every single movement in the tracking trace will be updated to the client Maybe not every single one of them, but most of them right arise that your country will be delivered in one to two days Your item is being delivered tomorrow. Your item has been delivered today, right? These are all the emails and all the updates you want the customer to have because a Customer is never mad because of the long shipping times They are mad because they don't know what the fuck is going on If they didn't hear something from you after five days of their purchase They might be wondering am I getting scammed here did I get scammed? That's one reason for charging what's going on That's like their most asked question if you ask your customer service It will be probably mainly about where is my parcel? So these are the things that you really need to understand from your customers You really need to know what the most asked questions are and these questions you want to Redirect into email flows, right? That are basically being sent out to every single one of the new clients So if you ask me email marketing in 2026 will be the reason to outscale your competitor, right? So a few tips and tricks on email marketing, you do want to set up a lead magnet What we often do is set up 10% discount pop up if someone leaves their email, Who doesn't want a 10% discount on their first order if they're gonna buy anyway We thought for a very long time it would be Conversion lowering because of the lead magnet, but at the end of the day The email marketing is worth so much at the end of the ride that you really want to capture as much emails as possible Secondly the basic flows are most of it basic. I mean at the carts Checkouts, abundance, shipping flows, but also welcome flows. Hey, welcome Thanks for subscribing. Here is a small coupon code because we are very grateful to have you with us Things like that that really makes the customer feel familiar with your brand with your web store That's what's gonna convert them, right? This is all has to do with the multiple touch points with your customer So that's why in the checkout, we always make email obligated You can also do as a miss marketing, but that's a little bit more complicated as ourselves We're not into it that much yet So I will always go for email obligation and check out set up an email calendar , right? If you're working with an agency, you want to have good communication with your agency And you want to say okay on these dates. We want to do these campaigns or these sales. Let's say it's becoming spring Okay, we want to send out an email because it's spring sealed up, right? We have new collection things like that That's what you always want to do But you really need to map this out for a future together with your agency And then something very important Don't throw big discounts on every single campaign because you will fatigue your own clients If they see in every single email 50% off today They will start to feel like this is not real, right? How would you be if at your logo shop that your favorite drink is always 80% off, right? It's not it's not logic. No brand does this people will not trust your brand anymore so make sure to change from sales driven campaigns to Information campaigns sometimes you can just send the campaign hi. I'm the owner of blah blah blah I want to reach out to you blah blah blah, you know It doesn't always have to be because of a sale but new collections you can push them without sales You can put a lot of information into the customer hands just by sending out emails So what we ourselves do is we work with an email agency And it's very important to choose wisely on which agency because there's a lot of agencies out there Recently we changed because after few four or black friday We only had around 7% attributed revenue on three of our stores But we were not satisfied by that at all, right? Because we've had stores in the past which had 15% like right here Currently we switch these stores that had 7% And they are currently running at 20% attributed revenue So think about what insane revenues would have been added on our black friday where we did 161k in one day Imagine this 7% was 20% on that day, right? We will never know what would have happened But this is a mistake we've learned in the past and it's a mistake We don't want you guys to have because email marketing is so damn important Obviously if you want to work with our contacts, it's an agency You can always reach out to us in the discord and we will get you hooked up because that's what we do right We made the connections and then we share it with the community Guys in the next episode we will talk about team building. So make sure to stay tuned for that. See you

## 9.3 Team building

- Welcome to the new team building module. As you're doing Google now, you don't want to be workforce yourself. You want to start outsourcing so that you can focus on the CEO things, which is making new stores, growing the company, seeing the long-term vision, right? Obviously at first, if you don't got any GMC's appropriate, it's not important for you to already start hiring a lot of people, right? But something we really love to say as a rule of thumb is as soon as you hit a 1K day, you want a customer support agent and you want to also have a product listser. These two are like the key hires for you to save a lot of time and to scale to the moon. With these two alone, you can already scale to multiple stores because at the end of the day, they just have to get the login credentials and do the same thing for new stores with some slightly new instructions, right? So I'm gonna dive into our one million month backend and our team, how it looks like, what's it looking like, the tree? I guess obviously you have quite a big team, I would say about 20 people now. This was for our one million month in October, obviously since then, we have been growing a month over a month as well as a team, but no worries on them with this setup, you can already go very far. So this is how we started as well, right? And this is how I would advise every single one of you to start with one customer service agent and one product lister. How our team is looking right now is something you want to strive to on the long-term, right? So it all starts with us ourselves, where at this moment in this slight sleeve or very much smaller team, we were still doing a lot ourselves, let's say, product research, we were still directly in contact with both departments, so giving a lot of instructions, also chargebacks, we were doing ourselves, new stores, new GMC's, everything we kind of did ourselves except for customer service and except for product listing. And that's already a pretty nice in the way should it be, right? Because customer service can really ruin your day if you read some bad emails or product listing, it's kind of a brain that job, you don't want to do this as soon as you're over 1K per day because it's not worth your time, right? So let me talk to you about what we are doing and focusing on right now. So me and Brian, at this moment, we purely focus on building the right team, so we hire on weekly-based new people with experience to grow our team, strategic planning, so where do we want to be? In, let's say, this quarter, next quarter, but also at the end of the year, any unexpected problems which will happen on daily basis if you're growing. We are fighting this, obviously, I would even say our main job is being a problem solver because there's nothing else than problems sometimes in your business and you really need to be a problem solver instead of just the CEO who watches. So that's where we step in as well. And then we evaluate on what's going on the current trend and we build still some new GMC's every week. This is the next thing we will, obviously, outsource, but we're still looking for someone experienced on this, but it's one of the most important things we're looking for right now. What we then have hired a few months ago is a CFO. Do not underestimate how important it is for you to know every single euro going in and going out of your business. You could feel like, in your penal, where you add some 30% cost of goods, let's say, and you don't really fill in returns and stuff like that, and transactions should just put a flat fee. You could feel like you're making a lot of money, but at the end of the month, what is really remaining in your pocket, right? Because it's very hard to do this manually, to calculate the refunds, the returns, the charge bank, the fees, the clients, the compensations, the store credit you've offered, and only wages of your employees, right? This is all a lot of calculations, so that's why we hired the CFO, which is one of the key hires for us as well in the last months because this really let us sleep with peace and knowing that our numbers that we're seeing every morning or every evening are right, because that's so important. And every single euro that's going in or out of the business is recorded in this way, and is being showcased in our profit sheets, right? So they also look for optimizations on fiscal level, but also on store level, and obviously bookkeeping. I do not think any one of you likes to do the bookkeeping, but this is a solid solution for us that we don't have to really track invoices and stuff like that, too much ourselves anymore. Then we have the COO, he started with us four months ago, but he is really taking over the day-to-day does, right? Because we have quite a big team now, it's really intensive to handle each department, because if I zoom out real quick, you can see in each department, there are even lower levels of employees, so the COO really takes over the check-ins, the weekly calls, the SOP is the KPIs, everything like that, right? His key role, I would say, is getting the most amount of efficiency with our team, with the least amount of effort of us being involved. Also bringing more structure was his main task when he started, because Brian and me, we try to have some structure in the ocean, but keeping these across departments is quite hard. Then the media buyer, Brian already covered this, but never save money on your media buyer. You really need a media buyer. You don't want to learn yourself how to do media buyer on Google for multiple months, if you can just hire someone for, let's say, penis of your ad spend to do this, who has years and years of experience, and who has proven to scale stores like you, right? Then customer service, as you can see, customer service has grown quite a lot, but at the end of the day, all started with our customer service manager, who was back then our customer service rep, he really answered the emails, and as we started growing, he started hiring people. And I could show you right now the office they are in, because we have a little camera over there, but it's getting quite big if you ask me, and it's pretty nice to see how much this department has been growing over the last few months, and even that comes with structure, right? Because having one customer service rep, or about 10, that's a whole different customer service department. You need new logins, you need more structure, you need, we use Zoho, let's say, for receiving and sending emails to our clients, so everything stays organized, so you can see who has already received an answer on those tickets, and we're not, because obviously, in the beginning, you start with Gmail, but that doesn't last very long, because we have about a few hundred tickets coming in every day across multiple stores, right? So, structure is very important in this department, and right now, our key focus is getting our first response time, below three hours, we're still working on that, it's quite hard on our scale. But we've seen, if you can put it under three hours, then you will have way less charge rates. Also, the percent of settlements of 101 needs to go up, and we obviously want to have lower return and refund rates, and higher client satisfaction rates. And that's something we obviously only can measure through the customer service department, because that's where we get the feedback. But let's say we now have maybe 12 to 15 stores, we don't really know what's going on in what department, or in what store, so that's why they really update us on weekly basis, like, hey, these products are having issues, something's going on in this store, please check this out, and that's our main job to step in there, right? Product listing, I already shared it as a P, we also have quite a big team there now, because we are uploading a lot and a lot of products. You can see here up to 200 products a day, that's not accurate anymore, obviously we now work in batches, as mentioned, but make sure to have a good product listing manager, like as your first or second hire, will you know that it can grow a team afterwards? Display manager, we've already talked about dispute and chargebacks and refunds before, but it's a very key hire, because you can recover a slight or like a medium amount of chargebacks, just by having someone in place, right? This position really, really pays itself, because the more money they make, the more you earn, and you keep in your own pockets, right? And then obviously we have also someone who is in touch with supply on day-to-day basis, and then a Shopify developer who makes a new store, so we just have to plug and play with the new GMCs. Then an AI specialist, because we've mentioned, we like to start our new stores with five products, with AI pictures, and this is actually the person who creates these. Also, if we need it with any ads or something, we have this person who we can rely on. So, outsourcing is the key change between doing 1K days and 10K days, because you cannot do it all yourself. You really need to let go of some repetitive tasks in order for your company to grow, and you really need to see the importance of this. All right, guys, this was the episode on team building. Next up is supplier agreements, as you can still leverage a lot on your supplier. Let me talk to you about that in the next module.

## 9.4 Supplier agreements

Alright, supplier agreements. You are all probably using a supplier already. I hope you're using a private agent and not some type of send us platform because that's where you get scanned. But having a private agent actually comes with a lot of benefits, right? And you will see during your growth period where you go from, let's say, 500 euros to 10k plus per day, that's where your supplier is actually your best friend, but at the same time your biggest enemy. Because every send you can save per product or your supplier will be a very big amount at the end of the month, right? But at the same time you don't want to piss them off because they need to fulfill your products very quickly, right? That's why I'm going to guide you through some supplier agreements we make on monthly basis with our supplier. We always have a meeting with them. I would say now it's up there to every month before that it was every quarter. It depends on how big you are at this moment. If you're pursuing five orders per day, it doesn't make sense to have a monthly meeting with your supplier, right? But if you're doing about 50, 100, 150, 200 products per day or sales per day, that's why you want to start really having a call with them and really try to optimize the teamwork you guys are doing, right? So why it is non-negotiable is because everyone of your competitors is ordering from the same suppliers, right? You have a few big suppliers. There's also some suppliers who are less good in quality, I would say. But most people are using the top 10 suppliers out there, so you want to have better agreements than your competitor, right? So that's why that's one of the reasons why you really need to meet with them and negotiate with them on weekly, monthly, quarterly, yearly basis. Processing times for your best sellers can go from two days to 10 days overnight and you might not even notice it first because of bad communication. So that's one of the reasons why you also need to have good negotiations with them that they need to update you because you don't want to have a best seller that's selling 20 items per day, then being out of stock for two weeks, right? Because I will piss off, a lot of customers will result in a lot of chargebacks and that's not good for your business. I'm pretty confident your competitors are also negotiating better terms so you don't want to be left behind. And once supplier failure, I've heard this from multiple people already can destroy your entire quarter and your entire business. I've heard from someone who was doing 20 caper days maybe at that point and his supplier fucked up big time and all of his payment processors really got fucked up because of the chargebacks that were coming in. The supplier just didn't send the goods out and he just, let's say, got scammed and that's the end of your business almost right there, right? Luckily he was able to fight back. Having problems like this, you just really don't want to have it right. Also, quality means customer satisfaction means repeated business so that's why you want to have keeping ice on your supplier just like the rest of your team. Obviously, since you're working with China, you need to be a little bit extra careful because these people have different mindsets. They are very hardworking and you need to approach them in a different way. You don't want to shout at your supplier because it will not end up being a long-term relationship but there are some people that really do this. They think their owner will be delivered quicker by just shouting at them in a group chat. No, it's not like that. Be kind and build a long-term relationship, right? They want to grow with you to have more sales on their end and you want to grow with them because you will have more sales, right? That's how it works so you really need to have a good communication and make sure you have a private agent with a proven direct record so that you just don 't get scammed at all. Because a lot of people will try to take advantage of you. As soon as you start growing, it will come with like random price increases in Q1, Q2. If they do that, it's not a good business partner for you. You don't want to work with that supplier. So make sure you have a private agent that is shown to have a proven direct record and obviously you can always also reach out to us in a Discord with opening a ticket and we will be happy to connect you with our supplier, right? So what do you want to negotiate with your supplier and what are the essential keypies? First things first, processing time and delivery speed. Normal times I would say for processing is 24 to 48 hours. This is a time actually where the supplier purchases your item from the manufacturer and it comes to their warehouse, right? So they can ship it out. Some items will have a slightly higher processing time but you don't want to go over 72 hours even during peak moments in Q4 or whenever your item is a best seller and it's getting lower in stock, right? Because if you go above 72 hours, your delivery time just increases like a crazy crazy crazy crazy time. Imagine this like if you can put it at 24 hours, that's already two days that you can or that your delivery is on the way less than your competitor has. So think about that if you can really ask your supplier to have the best seller in stock, that's the key for you to be different than your competitors who might have to wait for 72 hours. Like a lot of people are doing right now. Also you want to really have agreements with them on this like written out and if they missed deadlines you want to ask for compensation or partial refund credits, whatever you feel comfortable with but you need to negotiate this. Delivery speed arrangements, obviously every supplier has different carriers they use so make sure to ask them what possibilities are. Sometimes they have a quite a faster line and it might cause a few cents more than say but they didn't choose it because they didn't know you were prepared to pay this. So always ask if they have faster shipping lines and what the tariffs are of this because sometimes it could be interesting. Some of the suppliers even have US or EU based fulfillment centers so even that you can ask like can I put my best sellers already in one of your warehouses in Europe or US. And then you can shut down the shipping time to just a few days instead of 10 days you know. So these are all the key things that matter in the long run. Also quality inspection, as you're working with China it's not always easy to have very big quality inspections done by yourself because you're probably having thousands if not tens of hundred thousands of thousands of days. So thousands of SKUs you do not want or you cannot do every quality check yourself so you want to agree with them on what should be checked before they ship it out right. Also defect rates, it can happen that a broken piece is delivered right. But you want to have this below a certain percentage that you are happy with and if they ship too much defective products you should again ask for a compensation right. Or if it gets delivered defective it's on your supplier to get it delivered in the right way again right. But these are all things that makes the client pissed off that you can really avoid by having good communication. Then as well for the communication you want to have very very shortly commitment with your suppliers. You really want to have them answering all of your questions within 24 hours so that if your customer service has an issue with a client they need to get back to the supplier and they need to get back to the client again. If there is longer than 24 hours between that your client will already get suspicious right. So you really want to get this time down as much as possible where they are as responsive as possible and they are let's say available on WhatsApp or Telegram for the most urgent issues. There's definitely a lot of things you can learn from that in order to get communication better right. And then last but not least is the credit terms and payment agreements. So why this matters is cash flow is gain. You will see sometimes when you're scaling you will make a solid hell of money and you'll be like holy shit I've never seen this amounts in my life. But it's at that exact moment that the next day you still need to pay a decent amount of expense and you might have not been paid out yet right. So having a possibility to pay your supplier later than like let's say every day because you want to have the partial stripped out every day that's like a major benefit. What we have let's say is purely an example but it's something in terms of what we actually have. Let's say today someone purchases on our workshop we send it out tomorrow and we only have to pay tomorrow plus seven days. That's a major benefit because we don't have to pay before it gets shipped. These are about seven days of cash flow for us that we can spend into new advertising and stuff like that right. Because you will also sometimes have any hold so Shopify on PayPal whatever you 're using. There could be always some holds and by having this payment terms you can really bridge over this period where you have less cash flow right. Because it will be a big struggle even though you don't require a lot of cash flow to get started with drop shipping. As soon as your Google store starts scaling you will see cash flow is a little bit more intensive than you thought. So this is something we also experience very much but still if you don't scale too reckless then you will be able to figure it out right. Just make calculated risks and you should be fine. So how to approach is obviously show track record you cannot do this if you just work with them for one week right. But if you already worked for them for multiple weeks multiple months multiple years even that's why you can start negotiating on payment terms. And this is one of the key benefits from having good communication with your supplier. Also tracking and quality checks are very important for performance so we have different KPIs we really give to our supplier right. That they need to have or we really have to go in discussion with them about what's going wrong. So processing time delivery time communication speeds and payment terms are the top four most important things. And then a lot of objections we heard from you guys is my supplier would negotiate with me because I'm too small. Okay you can always start to talk about long term right. Let's say you can project life. Next few months I want to get to this level where you should like and really see like okay if I give him maybe a little bit more flexibility right now. In a couple of months he will still be working with us I will still be on way higher numbers than right now they might help you. Or I don't want to seem difficult it's also something that people say to us but it's business right as long as you can talk to them respectfully. So it's not a problem at all you just don't want to get personal you don't want to get emotional and okay to them because it will not always go the way you want it to be right. And I wanted to say no you obviously need to find a new supplier because if they are not willing to get into negotiations with you then it will not end up like a good relationship in the long term. So then you want to avoid it rather with short pain now than with long term pain in the ass. And then if you're still using CJ or auto dropshipping I don't think you're doing a very good job because you have no real good contact points and in the long term you really want to have a private agent right. That's where you can really have the biggest discounts and you just don't get handled like you are just a number in the road right. You really get the contact as if you're a person as if you're a long term business partner. So this was it about the supplier agreements hope you guys learned a lot on this episode and see you in the next one.

## 9.5 Track team hours with Hubstaff (EXTRA)

Hello everyone. In this video, we're going to talk about how to track your team using Hubstaff, and in this video, we're going to discuss, for example, productivity tracking, the 80% rule, task management, and the three-site warning system. And the purpose of this video is to explain how to set up Hubstaff, how to track your productivity from your team members, how to manage the task in Hubstaff and apply a fair warning system for the whole company. So first of all, what is Hubstaff? Hubstaff is a time and activity tracking tool for teams. It's really important to track your team because most of your employees work from the Philippines, Pakistan, and you don't know them exactly. So it's really important to keep track of everything they do. Hubstaff tracks time on tasks, keyboard mouse activity, app and URL usage, and it can make also screen shots if enabled, but I would recommend it to use it 100%. It makes a screenshot every 10 minutes, and then you can see just a screenshot of their screen, and it gives you a lot of insights about how they work, what they're doing on a day, and stuff like that. And the focus on for Hubstaff is efficiency, output, and transparency. And let me be clear, it's not about surveillance. We don't want to be like a boss that keeps tracking everything, but it's only for full transparency about what your employees are doing. Furthermore, how to set up your Hubstaff? First of all, sign in, sign up, and subscribe with a monthly plan. It's already $12 seed per month, but it's really, really good to have. So after that, you can add your team members that's possible with people, invite via email and set the permissions for each team member that's really important. Otherwise, they will use different tasks that's not necessary for them. You can create projects into a section of projects, new project, name, and the privacy. You can assign tasks, integrations, or Hubstaff tasks, and add tasks to all the projects you have. And what is really important to remember is that you and all your team employees used the Devs top app. And you should install it, log in, and select the project as they are working on, and then you can start a timer. If you work on the internet, it's not working properly. It is really good to remember. So don't make this mistake, because I did it in the past as well, and then you cannot track everything properly. Like I said, productivity tracking is really, really important with Hubstaff, and productivity is measured by the activity levels during the track time of your employees. It tracks the keyboard and the mouse activity, and what is really good to remember is when it's really high, like 95 plus, there's something wrong. In the past, I have experienced this as well. My employee did a tremendous good job, but her activity rate was always 95 plus percent. So I asked her, like, how is that possible? And then she said to me, okay, I'm using like a mouse jiggler that keeps moving my mouse, and that's not what you want, because that's lying about your productivity rate. Fire her immediately, and onto the next one, because you don't want to have that in your business. Furthermore, there's a minimum daily productivity requirement, and that's 80%. 80% is more than reachable for all your employees, from product listing to customer service, supply chain, you can name it. They can all reach 80% if they focus on their work and keep a consistent performance. So team tracking and reporting, it's really helpful. Manages can view time, activity, tasks, apps and URLs, and also screenshots, like I said before. You can review daily and weekly the productivity dashboards . It's really easy to see all the productivity from all your employees across the company. You can also identify performance trends across time and projects. So for example, my product lister had 80% for a week long consistently, but the next week he or she had only 60. Then you should recognize there's a trend. It went from 80% to 60%, and then you can schedule a call with your product lister and say, how is this possible? Because you can track it, and that's really, really important. So use the data for objective and timely feedback. Furthermore, you can create tasks, like I said before, per project. So if you go to projects, add a new task, you can enter title, description, date, assign team members, and create the task and track work under the correct task project to ensure a career reporting. This is really important to remember. So how I structure it for myself, like a task structure of me. So tasks are grouped by department to keep work organized and measurable, and some people already have some really good backend and some people not. But what I'm using currently is that I have separated all my departments into backend management, customer support management, dispute management, supply chain, and partial panel management, a finance department, and Shopify/product lister department management. This is really important. So you should always separate each team member into the right management or department. Furthermore, Ubisoft is not to track everything and say, hey, this day it was 70, for example, but it is from productivity to accountability. So use particular productivity data to provide clear, actionable feedback and apply the same standards to all roles for fairness and consistency in your business. This is really important to remember, because you want to have fairness for all your employees. And of course, you have a product lister and you have a backend manager. They have different responsibilities, but you should keep consistency in your business. And what I 'm doing as lastly is a three-strike warning system for all members of my team. And the purpose is just to address consistent in the performance with structured support. What I mean by that, if your product lister makes, for example, a couple of mistakes in your product listing, and that's really not a good thing for Google drop shipping, you can give, for example, a first warning. It's just a warning and you can schedule a call with your product list er, but give feedback, set your expectations, and also guidance. You don't want to be like a really angry boss, but you want to give feedback, expectations from your side, and also a bit of guidance, because sometimes people come in your business, they are like overwhelmed and they don't know how to go further. So guidance is also really important. If it happens again, you can give a second warning. It's about reinforcement. You can make an action plan and also monitor closer in the coming weeks. And also, again, feedback, expectations, guidance is really, really important also in the second warning. Then you have the last one. It's a final warning. It could lead to the determination of the contract if no improvements were made in the last three or three weeks. And let me be clear, it's not always fun to fire someone, but if he or she keeps receiving warnings, then you should terminate the collaboration and just search for another one, because it's not just working for your business properly. So, hope stuff, really, really, really good platform to keep track of your productivity across the whole team, and also the three stoic warning system. Keep this in mind, and good luck, guys . And if there are any questions regarding this topic, shoot me a message on Discord, and I will answer you. Thank you so much.
