# Section 2: Niches + Markets

## 2.1 What niches to pick (+ our recommendation)

in e-commerce there is different types of niches you can build a store in there is many talking about hundreds but i'm going to tell you guys my three favorites well actually my only favorite but there is three that you will see quite often our all-time favorites is general fashion i think 99.99% of our revenue came from general fashion it looks kind of like this so it's a store selling clothing you can think of zara h&m massimo duty it's that kind of stores that we also own so we sell coats jackets jackets blazers t-shirts polo shirts hoodies sweaters cardigans all of those we sell them on our store depending on the season obviously because that's also something we're going to cover in the school community is the seasons are really important in e-commerce because obviously you want to sell items which are in high demand for example right now it's snowy it's cold well you're not going to sell summer dresses are you so it's really important to keep that also in mind to come back to that the other two niches that i wrote down are jewelry and home decor these are niches where the products don't transition that much every season is going to be the same jewelry is going to be the same home decor what's home decor most likely it's going to be lamps it's going to be fake flower pots things like those you know little statues honestly i'm not a huge fan why because obviously you're dropshipping from ch ina and sometimes if you have a bad supplier the quality can be very bad so you've got a lot of returns also needs to be technical so the lamp needs to work so much more headache that comes with it that you don't have with fashion obviously in fashion you have also the problems like sizing and all those but there is ways around that and since you're doing google you have way more time to sit in the back and focus on those kind of problems because honestly i rather have these problems than have problems scaling my stores that's why general fashion stays are all-time favorites we are very familiar with it and i think this whole google course we will most likely talk about general fashion because that's the most profitable very high margins very high AOV people need them all the time everyone needs them kids adults grandma's grandpa's home decor people might think twice before buying and jewelry obviously like most likely your customers will be 50 plus and jewelry is more for a younger audience i know people who are profitable jewelry because the cost of goods for jewelry is very low but still i feel like general fashion beats these two buy a lot and also the reason why we did are revenue with general fashion only so i would highly highly advise you to start with general fashion is the best way to start building revenue and in the future if you want you can build a jewelry store for some extra cash and a home decor store for some extra cash also you can try play around with it i know people who mix everything all in one store but i would not advise you that because obviously if you look at it from a prior perspective you rather shop on a store which is specialized in one niche for example cloning only so highly advise you doing general fashion, most profitable and also are all time favourites.

## 2.2 Market recommendations + payment methods

In this module, I'll explain you exactly why it's so important to choose the right market. If you start in the wrong market with Google or with any other advertising platform, you might end up being broke because it's either not a scalable market, you're not having the right payment methods, you cannot get the GMC approved, stuff like that, right? For you to get started on the right food, I just made a list on the markets we prefer and also what you should look for when choosing a market. First things first, as Brian already explained, the GMC is the heart of your business. Don't ask me why, but in some countries it's hard to get a GMC approved than in others. The reason? I'm not sure, but we see this main in big 5 countries. Probably because there's a lot of competition and it's a little bit more difficult to get a high trust score on Google, but anyways, your GMC approval rates can depend a lot from country to country. What we've seen from our experience is that European countries are slightly more easy to get GMC approved than the big 5 countries. But still, this is not a proven theory, this is how we experience the GMC approval, but it's definitely something to keep in mind. Secondly, conversion rates. According to your demographic of your target country, you can get all different results. This goes about conversion rates, but also about AOV, let's say. Some countries have way more purchasing power than others, so it's definitely very important to keep this in mind as it's very important to know what market you're going to join, what the buying power is looking like, what the consumer behavior is looking like, so make sure to do your research before entering a market. Also, if we talk about refund rates and dispute rates, in countries like the US , we see way higher chargebacks, let's say, or disputes as the same, mainly because they feel like they can do whatever they want. Me, as a European, I never thought about buying something and then calling my bank like, this was a fraudulent order, or I'm not satisfied, let me just put a chargeback to the bank. No, this doesn't come to my mind, but apparently in the USA or in the UK, this is something very common to do. So make sure to keep this in mind, because you don't want to scale in a market if your back end is not strong enough. If your back end is not ready to get more disputes, like let's say in the US or in the UK market, then you should not enter these because you will just get fucked in the f***. Also, consumer trust is very important, as Western Europeans are very confident with shopping online, same goes for the big five markets, but there are certain markets where it's not very common to shop online yet. So also these markets you kind of want to avoid, I hear a lot of people saying, oh, I'm trying this new market, it's Brazil or Mexico or whatever, and I can see why they do this obviously because they are trying to implement a new concept, which has a very high return potential, but it's also very difficult and they need to invest a lot of money. So for the sake of keeping things easily, here are some markets that we prefer. If you're a beginner, if this is your first Google store, I highly advise you to go to a credit card only market because it's very difficult to get the local payment methods, I'll talk more about this later, but also it gives you some peace of mind in a credit card only market because there's only one thing you should focus on, right? So if we dive into the markets itself, our top four markets I would advise you, which are credit card only, are United States, United Kingdom, Australia and Denmark. Mostly speaking, in these four markets, we've done around, let's say, 65% of all of our revenues. We've been in so many markets, but these four will always thrive our main revenue and will always keep on pushing the most new gences in these markets. Why? High buying intents. USA, UK, Australia, Denmark, all four of these countries are used to shopping online, spending a lot of money, they are confident that their parcel will come and you don't have too much issues with the shipping and stuff like that. It's also something to keep in mind, right? The shipping times in these countries are way lower from China since obviously most of the volume of the of the fulfillment will also go to these countries, right? Also something to keep in mind is in these countries, it's very clear what the consumer protection rules are and in countries like, let's say, Australia, they are even in your favor. You need to look this up online, this is not legal advice, but there are countries where you should not even legally give an option for your customers to return the product they bought. So that's something to keep in mind, don't break your head over it, it's just something I wanted to tell you here. In these countries, there's already a lot of data, so Google Ads will pick up maybe a little bit faster than other countries. Still you need to go through the timeline that Brian just explained, but you understand what I'm trying to say here, that in the US, with way more citizens, it's way more likely to get to high numbers than, let's say, in Poland where there's way less people and way less Google Ads in general, right? Also the high AOV tolerance US is one of the best markets in terms of AOV that we've seen, so that's why we absolutely love it. And in these four countries, actually, the sky's the limit, you could argue Denmark, it only has, what is it, like, 5 to 10 million inhabitants? I'm not sure on the top of my head, but it's quite a small country. Still we did 25k days there, so yeah, this should be the proof that actually it doesn't matter too much, how big a country is, it's more like, you need to optimize your feet, GMC, the Google Ads and the website, obviously, on improving everything, right? Some other countries that we also like and are also active in, but once again, pay attention here because you do need the local payment methods, let's say, Germany, you need PayPal, even after being one and a half year in this business, we started our first German store, and still we almost got fucked by PayPal, right? Don't start in a PayPal-only country if you don't have a Hong Kong PayPal. You will just not make it when doing fashion drops, right? So make sure that if you want to enter Germany, you know what you're doing, you have a Hong Kong PayPal, and you have someone very active to find the chargebacks and decrease the dispute rate. Otherwise, it will be very tough. Switzerland, very good market, but you need twins. Switzerland, I like it a lot because it's obviously everyone else, Switzerland has a little bit more prestige country, it has a high AOV, it has a good purchasing power, so I really love Switzerland to be active in, but the twin makes it a little bit more difficult, but in Netherlands, very good market, but you need ideal, also bank contact if you want to include Belgium, let's say, it's a good market, once again, without the local payments, you're not getting there. Poland, you need P24, or there's this one other, I forgot the name, but also Poland, you don't want to enter without this. Some side line here, Poland is very strict on government level if you want to drop ship there. You can also make sure to do intelligence in that country. These are the top eight countries that we would choose if we would start over again, I would say. Obviously, this doesn't mean that the country like France is not scalable, but in our historic experience, we've never scaled a story in France, and we never saw a big moment in there, so that's why we didn't include it here. But once again, this is our experience, try your own things as well, but if you 're just getting started, pick one of the top four countries in this list. If you're already a little bit more experienced, then you want to go with local payment methods as well. We have a payment processor that can give all of these local payment methods, but if you want to get on board, you should want to have a store or another store that does 1k per day. Consistently, you should open a ticket in a discord and get that store on board before you can make a new store with these local payment methods. So it's a very good payment processor, it's a very good payout. The rules are very clear, but this puts it's very favorable, I would say, it's the best payment processor we've had in a while, besides Shopify payments, obviously. So yeah, make sure to open a ticket if you want to access these local payment but be aware that you need to onboard first a store that does over 1k per day, consistently. So guys, this is it, make sure to do very good diligence whenever choosing a market, because it's one of the most important choices to make, obviously. Ideally, you want to open a store in each one of these, right? But if you're just getting started, pick one, two or three different markets where you We will get started in and let's go to the moon guys
