# Section 5: Launch Campaign

## 5.1 Launch the initial misrep campaign

Once your products are approved in your Google emergency center accounts, that's the time when we can launch the first Google ads campaign to trigger the miss wrap. The miss wrap is a suspension from Google emergency center. I will explain you everything about suspensions in the next video. Follow what I'm saying now and everything will be all right. So the business name in Google ads, so you go to ads.google.com, sign in or sign up. And this will be the screen that you see. So what's your business name? Obviously, that's going to be, we call it Macbook fashion, a patron. Well, I'm going to use this one since I don't have a website for Macbook fashion sadly. So, but here you would put your own website. Obviously next, it's going to automatically with AI, do some crazy stuff. That's good. Boom. And then here it's going to automatically ask you to connect to Google emergency center accounts because obviously I'm on the Gmail where I created Macbook fashion merch center. So I'm also going to create the Shopify account is on this Gmail, Google ads account is on this Gmail and also the merch center is account on this Gmail. So here I can link it with this button, but I will show you another way to do it. That is sometimes you won't see this option. So I will show you the harder way, but this is the easy way to just press link and boom, done. But I will show you the harder way in case you get into that problem. Next, honestly, skip the whole campaign creation. Uh, we're going to do that ourselves. This is really important billing country needs to be the company that you will pay the invoices from because this has nothing to do with the merchant center. The billing country has to do with where are you paying your ads from? Are you paying it from your honking company? Are you paying it from Dutch company? Your US LLC, your UK LTD, there's needs to be the company that you are going to pay the bills with the ads. So billing country, like I said, it was a Netherlands company that we have. So time zone. Sadly, that's a default issue in Google ads and there's nothing we can do about it. We cannot change the time zone. So UK is GMT and Netherlands time is GMT plus one. So that means that Shopify will be in the good time zone, but Google ads will be one hour before. So the spend can vary a lot at the start of your Google journey, but don't worry, after a few hundreds of maybe thousands, euros of spent, you will see that the algorithm will start understanding, okay, this is the best period of time that I need to spend the budget and I should rather not spend budget in this time zone. You know, like this is a very simple example where there is one hour difference, but for example, if you have a Hong Kong company, well, there are the times and difference will be huge, but yeah, there's nothing to do about it. It's just like that. But this company is the company where you're going to pay the ads with. This is all good. So this is the payment settings. Like I said, the times where you cannot change, create payment profile. This you will have to create a payment profile. So just like I said, it's really important that you use a unique credit card. It's also really important. I forgot to mention that, but it's really important that for every Google story creates, I mentioned you create a separate Gmail account, but you also have to create a separate credit cards. You can use Revolutes, Wise. We personally use Payoneer. There is a link of that in the discord. We will also put a link of that somewhere here in the school. Payoneer is a really good bank. Why? Because you can get a limited spend. They don't freeze your account randomly. And also they have cashback. You start at 0.5, but you can climb up to 2% cashback. And that's really interesting when you're spending hundreds of thousands every month, like us. For example, we recently just got three to five to even 10K, just on cashback because of nothing. Literally because we were spending money, we were making money. So that's really nice about Payoneer. And honestly, it's been a lifesaver for us, especially as Dutch guys banks are really paying in the ass. They have spent limits of 10K a month when we were spending that per day at a certain point. So there we go. You will create a payment profile. Let's do it really quick. All right. So now that we've added the payment methods, obviously here you can add tax information, everything you need for your accounting-wise. We're going to submit. There we go. Is there an advertising agency? No. Yes, we pay Google Ads directly. Saving continue. Boom. We're in the Google Ads. So like I said, I'm going to show you guys how to connect the Google Merch Center to the Google Ads. We're going to the Google Merch Center. We go to Access and Services, Apps and Services, Add a Service, Google Ads, click on Accounts You Don't Manage. Here in the Customer ID, we will put this one. There we go. Press Next. And here we will send the requests. Then here we will go to Tools, Data Manager. And here you will see there is one linked. We will do Manage Link. Oh, I see that it already linked automatically, probably because it recognized everything's on the same email. So that's good. If we go here, we will see that it is linked. Everything is good. Everything is good to go. Just to make sure Manage Linked. Okay, good. So now what we're going to do is we're going to launch the Misrep Campaign, I call it. Let's call it the Misrep Campaign. It's the first campaign you will launch just to trigger the first suspension, which is really important because like I mentioned already 10 times, I'm going to repeat it, is we want to trigger a suspension and fix it as early as possible before we start adding products and making changes to the websites. So it's super easy to fix the first Misrep if the website is clean with five AI products. Not urgency is no other products. Everything is niche down, setup is clean, contact information is clear. That's the easiest way to fix a Misrep. And once we're true that, we can sky records and scale to that moon. So we go to campaigns here. We're going to click on the blue plus new campaign. Pay attention. Business name is, obviously it was called MacBook fashion. It should be MacBook fashion to come but we don't have a website. So I'll call it sues.com, the example I found here. Sorry, owner of sues, but you're a good example. Sales, and then here PMEX. Sales PMEX, boom. You will see here that everything is good. It might say this merch center doesn't have products yet. If you added the products and they are visible in the Google merch center and they are approved, really important that the products need to be approved before you do all this, you can still see a warning but don't worry, that's just visually. It's all good purchases, obviously, a green continue. This is purely to trigger a Misrep. So I'm not even going to worry too much about all the details, like this is not supposed to make us money. This is just to trigger a Misrep. I don't care about anything else, honestly. This needs to be your target country, so we said United Kingdom, this is a target country. Next is going to automatically generate stuff with AI about the clothes hangers, remember, generate assets. Obviously, it's not gonna find any products best, all right. MacBook, fashion, go here, scroll, scroll, scroll. Next, budget, I will put it on five. It's just to trigger a Misrep, so it doesn't really matter. Press next. It should do this one automatically if you have products but I don't, so I just saw it somewhere random. But honestly, the only thing that matters in this whole thing is that there is at spent going to the Google merch center because once there is one Euro or five Euro at spent that goes to the Google merch center, that will trigger the Misrep straight away. So that's very good and that's what we want. There is occasions where after five days or after seven days, there is still no Misrep and the ads are still spending. Another way to trigger a Misrep is by deleting the refund policy in here. So for example, what we can do here is go to the return policy. Remember when it asks us a link to trigger a Misrep what it can do if you have launched ads and after five or seven days, it's still no Misrep. Usually the Misrep should come within five to seven days. If it didn't, then you start playing around in the return policy. For example, I'm gonna put some weird shit like and then you put some random icons and then.com. This can trigger a Misrep. Making changes in the Google merch center can also trigger a Misrep. All these kinds of things you can do, but the safest way to also trigger a Misrep is by adding five more products to the websites. So making a feed change that's also a cause of Misrep's and that's good. So for example, we have these five clothes hangers. What we can do is add five new clothes hangers which are also AI images, but they're completely different. So you stay in the same niche because at the start, before we get the first Misrep, you wanna stay as niche as possible, just to show to Google like, "Hey, we are still a branded store." But almost all I care about is getting the Misrep and then fixing it from there. And then from that moment, I can start adding the fashion products that we're used to. So what I will do to trigger the Misrep if after five to some days of @spense, Google ads spending budget to my Google merch center, still the Misrep then I will add products to try and trigger the Misrep quicker. Let's go back here. Obviously now there is no products in my GMC. So I cannot press publish here, but you should be able to press publish. But this is pretty much a setup. It's really simple. I don't overthink it. All you care about is getting spent to the Google merch center. And once the merch center has been approved, that's the moment when we will delete everything in the Google ads and we will add the media buyer to the team and he will start running Google ads for us. And obviously he's a professional. He will set it up the proper way. Sometimes what you will see after launching a campaign is that you will see here. You will see a warning about your conversions on not being tracked or something. And what you will have to do now is here, but sometimes it's also like around here, you will see a warning about the campaign saying like, the campaign is learning or it's being set up and you need to install a tag. What you will do here, really simple. You will copy this and paste it in between the heads. So you go to Shopify, edit codes, team.liquid, you copy this and you paste it in between the heads and you press done. And that will make it so your ads will start spending quicker also. So I hope this was clear how to set up Google ads for the misrep campaign. Let's please call it the misrep campaign. So when we talk about a misrep campaign, you know at least, okay, it's the initial campaign that we set up to trigger the misrep. Let's dive to the next video.
