# Section 1: Intro — What is Google Ads

## 1.1 What is Google Ads + Why Google ads (vs Meta)

All right, welcome to this first module on what Google Ads is and why it is better than meta. And after this first module, you will understand why Google Ads is a manip ulator and meta is not your favorite advertising platform anymore. So if we look at like the basics, Google Ads is Google's advertising platform that allows businesses to show ads across Google-owned platforms. Think about Google Search platform. Think about YouTube. Think about Gmail. It goes very broad, so you can really target them everywhere. Secondly, you only pay for users when they interact. Think about search ads. You only have to pay whenever they click on your link, which is a key difference with meta. Also, you can reach users at different awareness stages at their buying journey, just because it is like a full ecosystem of Google. Google is very wide. They own a lot of different platforms, and you can target your customers wherever you want. Let me just cover like the basic Google Ads sales campaigns that you will need for your Google branded drop shipping store. So first of all, performance max. This is one of the most all-round campaigns where you can target your customers in different sections of Google. So this will be mostly used according alongside with Google Shopping. And you all know this, and this is actually where the biggest money is made. It's popping up when the right keywords are being searched. So the Google Shopping campaign here you see someone just was looking up letter jacket, and then you see all of the advertisers that are advertising the letter jackets. Here you want to be. Here you want to reach your customer because they are already looking to buy a letter jacket. If you then convince them with the picture and the price, it's a done deal. Thirdly, we also have Google Search. This is very nice for brand awareness or retarget ing purposes, or stealing some of your competitors' traffic. But yeah, this is like more in an advanced stage, I would say. And then lastly, we have also have video and display. There 's also some more difficult campaigns like the ManGen, but I'm not going to go too deep into this because at the end of the day, we will not run the Google Ads ourselves. We will use a media buyer who is very skilled in all of these different sections of Google Ads so that we can focus on the more important things. If we compare meta with Google, I would say Google obviously owns meta, but let's go over the key factors here. Meta is a push marketing platform. This means you need to push your content, your product, your creative into someone's face and really have them consider buying your products. When at the meantime, Google is a pull marketing platform , meaning someone is already looking to buy this specific product. So I don't need to draw anything alongside this, but this really already is the biggest comparison with meta versus Google, because just having to convince someone who is already looking to buy is way easier than having to convince someone with no buying content. Meta is all about a creative. It's a fully creative platform and you need to re- and re-design your creatives in order to keep on attracting new customers. This is very time-intensive, very budget-intensive. Meanwhile, Google is just focused on your products you have. We call this the feed, which is actually the amount of SKUs and different products you have, but all of your Google ads will be around the feed. That's the most important, so it means your feed needs to be good. That means that you need to have the right amount of products with the right titles, with high volume keywords. Then you can just pop up for people who are already looking to buy. With meta, you pay per impression, so per person who has viewed your ads and on Google, you only pay when someone clicks. This is also why meta, you can have quick results there. We're not going to lie here. You could be into meta for one week and hit the 5K day. That's not going to happen with Google, but with Google, you have the consistency, the long-term profits. That 's what we all want, right? We want the long-term business that keeps on printing money after a few months even. With meta, it's a battle every day to have a good ROAS, to scale a little bit and not be liking the ROAS of 1.5 or under brick even ROAS. Let me show you a quick example, but first, I have a chart here on how a meta store is looking like. This is a sales chart, let's say, with one of our actual meta stores we've had in the past. You can see it can go up really quick, and then after a while, it just fumbles down. It's very inconsistent, right? There's no consistent growth and there's everyday risk of your ad account being banned or your ROAS dropped like crazy. That's something you will never see with Google. It takes some more time, it's a little bit more long-term, but at the end of the week or at the end of the month, it is the best platform to advertise on, because as you can see here, and this is one of our stores, P&L, so this is like the best proof we can have. This is obviously a Google store, so let's say this is September, and if we look at a revenue, as you can see, the first sale is at 16th of September, with the total revenue of 108 euros. You can see here, at the beginning, it's a little bit inconsistent, but that's normal with Google. You need two to three weeks warm-up phase, but more on that later, but as soon as it's profitable, this is October, same store, you can literally skyrocket, check how in one and a half month it goes from 100 euros revenue per day to 37k revenue in one day, which is absolutely insane, and besides that, there's also the fact that all of these roverses are, let's say, on average 2.5 to 3 over the whole month. There's no way you will have this with Meta, unless you're some creative wizard and have a crazy brand, but guys, let's be honest here, going from the first of October from 1k revenue to 37k revenue in just 25 days, that's something you will not see on Meta in a consistent way. So this is what I'm talking about, this is how we built our long-term Google stores with Google advertising and this is why you should get started.

## 1.2 Timeline Google Ads

What's the timeline of a Google store? So that means once you set up a Google store, you create a Google merge center and how long do you have to look at until you actually become profitable and so on. So I'm going to explain the whole process as detailed as possible. So you have a good understanding of what to expect when starting with Google ads and Google shopping in particular. There's three parts in this whole Google process. There is a Shopify store, there is a Google merge center, which we are going to consider as the heart of the business. And then there is the Google ads. Both are connected to the Google merge center. So the Shopify store and the Google ads are both connected to the Google merge center. So it's really important that this Google merge center stays alive. The heart needs to keep beating to keep the business alive. The Google merge center, pretty much you look at it as where all the data will be collected, all the data that Google will need for your store to become profitable or find new winners and all that is going to be stored in the Google merge center compared to meta where you have a pixel and an ad account where your data is stored in Google ads. 99% of your data is stored in the Google merge center. So that's why this one is so important because your Google ads account can get suspended or lost or I don't know what can happen to it. But if you just create a new Google ads account, you will just catch up momentum just like where you were before. So the Google merge center is really the most important place in the whole Google story. I want you to understand this really well Google merge center is the heart of business. You want to protect this one at all costs to start with Google shopping. Like you said, you need to build a Shopify store. We'll put a module of that also here. And after you have built a Shopify store, we're going to build a Google merge center account also called GMC. So here I wrote down, we're going to set up the Google merge center. We'll set that up together in a module down this videos. Once you set up the Google merge center, obviously, we're going to sing the products from Shopify through the Google merge centers. The Google merge center knows what products are on your store. Obviously, this is automatically saying, but we'll explain that in another module, how to do that and how it works. This is just for you to kind of understand, okay, what should I expect from Google shopping once you upload products, they will get in review. So this is the gray line you see here. And once the products have been reviewed, it will get approved. This all happens without any suspension. So the products when you first upload them, they will be great. They will be in review and then they will slowly start getting approved or they will go into not approved, which means there was an error with the products. You have to check that at the example, also show some examples of that later. If the in review process takes longer than five business days, then you have the right to contact supports and ask them to manually improve them because in their terms of services, they wrote that it should take between three and five business days. So if it is longer than five business days, we're going to reach out to support . So in the Google Merc Center on the top right, you will see a question mark with a circle around it, you're going to click on it and then contact support there. They will ask you a GMC ID and so on. You just fill everything in. If they ask about a Google ads ID, but you don't have Google ads account yet, just fill in your GMC ID. They don't really care. They just care about what you're going to write in a message. And what you're going to write in the message is hello, my products in my Google Merc Center with GMC ID, having a review for longer than five business days. I need to get my products approved ASAP so I can start advertising my Google store on Google ads. Thanks for pushing this to the wider team so they can help me with approving my products. Thanks and vons. So this is really important that if it's longer than five business days, you send out this email and then we'll just approve your products so you can start launching your ads. So once your products have been approved, this is the time when we can start running ads. If your products are not approved yet, we cannot do anything yet. So it needs to be green approved for us to be able to launch ads on it. To launch ads on it, we're going to create a Google ads accounts connected to the Google Merc Center. And then we're going to launch a P max. I call this one the misrep campaign because we're setting up ourselves, like ours should explain in the previous module, the media buying. We're not going to do it ourselves. We're going to outsource it to someone who is a professional. This who has scaled other stories to millions. The reason for that is because we want to stay more in the back focus on the back end, optimizing profits, building more Google stores and so on. We're going to set up the misrep campaign ourselves. It's a P max. So it's a shopping and then performance max campaign and that will make it. So we trigger a misrepresentation suspension in the Google merchant center because we want to trigger it. Why? Because we know it will come anyways. It will come. So we want to trigger it as soon as possible and then fix it. Something you have to understand really well is there is two kinds of suspensions, there is free listings and there is shopping ads in Google merchant center. Obviously, organically, you can also gain clicks. This is called free listings. You don't have to pay to show up in the Google shopping feeds. But for the shopping ads, you have to pay. And that's usually where suspensions come in because obviously you could pay for ads, but also launch legal stuff. Like there is many reasons why they could spend you. So we want to trigger the shopping ads listings suspension as soon as possible. And the way we're going to do that is by launching, obviously ads to the Google merchant center to trigger that misrep and we call it the misrep campaign. Like I said, we will also show in a video how to set up this campaign. It's really easy once we set up the campaign and it starts spending. By the way, little side notice, if you see that the campaign doesn't start spending after a day, make sure to check in the Google ads. If there's any warnings or errors, a common warning you would see is that there is no rule tracking setup or conversion tracking, something like that. You have to click on it and fix it. It's most likely just like a Google tech. You have to install on your Shopify store. Really easy takes two minutes, but that will make it so the campaigns are spending way quicker so we can trigger the misrep way quicker. Once the initial suspension comes in, that's the moment when we can start reviewing the websites using the GMC checklist that can be found in the school community. So you're going to follow the GMC checklist, make all the changes to your merchant center. And once you made all the changes, you can appeal and then, or it will get disapproved and we have to try again, or it will get approved about the whole suspension and will merge center. We will explain more of that also in future modules. This is just for you to understand kind of the timeline and how everything will go. So we're going to review the website. We're going to fix it appeal. If it gets disapproved, we're going to try again and again and again. Every Google merchant center can get appealed three times. So make sure to keep that in mind. If you already appealed two times, well, it's going to be your last one, the third one. After that, the GMC is unfixable. You cannot do anything anymore. Just delete it and reopen it after five business days and try again. I would say you could try the same website. So the same domain two times on a Google merchant center. If the first one doesn't work, then you wait five business days and then you create another Google merchant center accounts, how to properly delete a Google merchant center account. We will also put a video of that in the school community. So you kind of know how to delete it the proper way. If your GMC gets approved, you don't do anything for three weeks. You have to wait two weeks once your suspension has been fixed. So how will it look? You will get an email like this. Dear Google merchant center user, your merchant center account has been approved, has been completed and the issue no longer appears in your GMC accounts. Once your GMC has been approved, you have to wait three weeks. Don't do anything. Don't change anything on the website. Don't change anything in the product feed, because that's something really important for you to know once you create a Google merchant center accounts. Everything you do then will be tracked. Google can see what you do on the website. What do you do on the Google merchant center? If you're adding products or deleting products, well, that's called a fee change and they will see it here. I would not advise to change any of the products or anything on the feeds when your GMC has been created already during this whole approval process. After three weeks, you're going to start importing 25 products per day. And then two weeks after that. So five weeks after the approval, we can start making small changes to the websites, the product page and the collection page and the card and so on. Obviously, there is rules that you need to follow. And we will also put a GMC checklist, which you can follow. Like, OK, what can I add? And what can I not add? The difference between meta and Google stores is on meta. You can add a lot of urgency, crazy, uh, glorious sales and so on. On Google, they're very strict. So you're not allowed to do any fake kind of urgency sales. So what's allowed a winter sale, drink sale, end of the year sale. All those kind of sales that are legit. Google knows that you're not closing your store tomorrow. So running a closure sale makes no sense. You will get suspended for that once you reach a certain scale. So obviously during this whole process, once you start importing 25 products per day, that's the time we're also going to call the media buyer who will set up the campaigns in the proper and professional way. So you can actually start scaling on autopilot, like I just showed the meme with the paper money printer. Well, that's literally going to be you because your store is ready. It's approved. You're importing 25 products a day. Meanwhile, the media buyer is launching campaigns, scaling your ads and within a few weeks will be profitable. And then you can keep on scaling. So like I said, at the start, you import 25 products per day. And then once you reach a certain scale, that's where you're going to start importing in batches. What is a batch? A batch is a collection of 50 products. They don't need to be related any way to each other. It's 50 products that you're going to launch every week. So every week we're going to launch one batch. So every week we're going to launch 50 products. So one, how we do it is our product lister, which is someone else, but he can also do it yourself is going to import 50 products. I mean, but he's going to put them on draft. And then once a week, let's say every Friday, I go through all of my Google stores and I will activate 50 products called a batch. And this I would do every week on all the stores. Why do we transition from importing 25 per day to importing in batches? Is to keep the Google Merchant Center alive, because every fee change, every you do is comes always with a risk to getting another suspension. And we want to prevent that so we don't get a suspension. And the way to do that is after you have, let's say 500 products on your store, you want to kind of slow down the risks because now we have a valuable assets that are Google Merchant Center with 500 products. And that's when you're going to start being more safe. And that's when we're going to start importing within batches. That's kind of the whole timeline of Google Store. From setting up the Google Merchant Center, the first time to starting to scale Let's say there is between five weeks in between that, between creating the World Merchant Center, the first time and scaling the ads. There is five weeks, three weeks that you have to wait after approval. And then two weeks before you can make any website changes, because obviously when you initially make your store is going to be very dry, very simple. Maybe you already start seeing the first conversions, but it's going to be a very slow process. But after you make your website changes, you make it look a bit more clean, more branded, a little bit of urgency, then you're going to see that the sales are going to start flowing in. The learning process of Google usually takes about 50 conversions. So 50 sales before Google starts to know, okay, this is the ideal customer. We're going to spend more budget on this, on this, on this. Google is a data driven algorithm. So it needs to buy data first before it understands who is going to target to make your as much money as possible. So 50 conversions and then you should be good to go. Usually it is a bit less or a bit more. It's just the number we use as a reference. I hope the timeline was clear and let's dive into the next modules.
