# Section 7: Product Research + Import

## 7.1 Product research

How to do product research? It's really important to do product research on Google and it's very different than meta. So please pay attention to this part because this is literally going to be the difference between someone making 100 per day and someone making 10,000 per day. I would say in Google, your website is actually not really that important compared to meta. What's really important is your product feed, your product feeds in the merchant center. So that means there's the products you have in your Shopify. That's really important. Like I said, the sweet spot is between 7 and 800 products, which should be around 25,000 SKUs in the Google merchant center. So that's products, different sizes, different colors, etc. I'm going to show you how to do product research and build the best product feeds. Obviously, since we're doing fashion dropshipping mostly, the product feeds range changes over season. So I will explain to you in the product feed optimization module how we handle this. But to start off, we're going to show you guys how to find winning products or I should call them winning product categories, because that's what we'll be focused on during Google. Because for example, I'm going to use an example now, we went outside today and it was super cold. We already had our winter jackets, obviously, which we bought two months ago, because we knew, okay, winter is going to be cold. It already started getting cold around October and November. So we already bought our winter jacket back then. We maybe bought it during like Friday. So people always buy beforehand a season. So you have to understand the demand of certain products. So for example, in summer, like in summer in the middle of the summer, summer dresses won't sell as much anymore yet as they did before. So you always need to calculate, okay, which products are going to be which products categories reach their all time high during a season . And you have to import them already two, three months before, because Google has to index them, put them in the feed and start spending budget on them. So it's really important that you always think upfront a few months upfront. And that's what I'm going to show you guys now, how to do product research. So you're always ahead of the competition. And this is literally what's going to make you profitable and make you scale honestly. So everything happens in the Google ads and in Google trends and in chat GPT, our best friends. So in Google ads, you go to your Google ads accounts, go to tools, keyword planner, and you go to get search volume and forecasts. Okay, then we 're going to chat GPT, our friends will be like, hello, I have a ecom fashion store selling all kinds of general clothing for daily use. Please give me a list of categories of clothing such as sweaters, shirts, hoodies, jackets, shoes, etc. Focus on clothing. And also find me popular sub categories of these product categories, for example, ladder jackets, lists them under each other without icons or anything. For ladder jackets for jackets, cardigan, and so on. There we go. Let's see what he does. Boom. Pretty much we want our list to be as long and as detailed as possible. We really want to dive deep into finding these hidden, let's call them product categories. Don't add this because I want to be able to just copy, paste it. There we go. That's what we need. So obviously this is still not precise enough. I need way more specific, also such as cocktail, dress, wedding, dress, really go deep into every clothing category. Like we want to really push this as deep as possible. Zip up hoodie, denim jacket. And we kind of want to build this list as long as possible. Like he already did a long thing, but obviously you should be working on this like to make it as long as possible. And once you're done, save it. Please save it somewhere in Notion in Google somewhere. So you can reuse this over and over again. So we copy the whole list, boom. Control C. We go to the keyword planner, boom, paste it in. Easy as that. Get started. All right. So, and now we see, okay, what are the keywords with the most searches? Obviously, the ones where the most searches are going to be the most general words. But for example, here, like I already see loafers, it's general, but it's still like it's under the shoes category, but it still has a very high demand, 10 to 100 K. Lounge sets, also very interesting to see that one boxers bralettes. Other than you know, it's a bralette, but apparently it's very popular. Flair jeans, really good example, 10 to 100 K. And these are all kind of interesting categories, you know, one to 10 K, I would still call them pretty interesting. So you can for sure have a look at these, for example, here, leather jacket, very good ones, suede jacket, also very good one. So here you kind of see like the average monthly searches, 100 to 1 K, honestly , that's not much. I wouldn't focus on that. Maybe here, plus 900 three month change, that also has a big role. That means it's trending up. So for sure, we can implement this. Like, I wish I could tell you, because Google recently updated this, that you cannot see the precise average monthly search anymore. Back in the days, you could see like really specific 3,789 or 100,568. Like you could really see specific now, it's only like an average. So it's pretty hard now to see like, okay, which products are actually going to trend and which not, you kind of have to do it as regulatory to kind of get the hang of it, get familiar with the platform. And you will start seeing connections yourself. For example, we're going to take the letter jacket example. I saw some good search for that. We go to trends@google.com/trans and there we go, for example, letter jackets. You also have to use common sense, you know, like it's currently winter. I'm doing product research for my store in the UK. So there it's also winter. What's the upcoming month? So it's currently winter. So people already bought their whole winter collection. What's the upcoming month, spring, winter, summer? What's kind of like the weather in spring, summer? Well, it's still warm, but it's still also cold sometimes windy. So maybe not like fur, big wool jackets anymore, but something like a letter jackets could work. So it makes sense. Let's do some research about letter jackets here. United Kingdom, boom. We want to see in the last five years what has been the search for this product and how are the trends going for this product. So honestly, the numbers don't really matter since we already got it from the keywords anyways, like we saw it was between one and 100, I think it was, or one and 10. But here we see like, okay, we see like spikes. So that's really interesting to see. So it reaches its all time low in July, and it reaches all time high in November. Again, here it reaches, here it reaches all time high in April, all time low in July. So usually we see like, okay, in July, usually it reaches its lowest point. So July, lowest points. So that means if we look at the up trends, when should we import the letter jackets, I would say starting of February, even like January, February, I'd even start importing the products already, because we see here, for example, like this, it starts going up, you know, so we want to catch this momentum here. So we're early, you know, you don't want to import it at its low highest point, because then you will be too late, because from there it will go down already. So you want to kind of like import it at its lowest point. So it's indexed around a month later, and then you will catch the whole spike, you know, that's kind of the thing. I'm trying to bring you guys little in my brain on how I'm thinking, and I hope it makes sense for you guys. If you look at, for example, the most recent year 2025, we saw the lowest point was in June, July, once again, and then we started seeing an up trend starting off end of July. So that means end of July, we should be importing a shit ton of letter jackets. So we catch up the whole momentum from August until, I would say until December, and then it goes down again. So from August till December, we will have letter jackets popping up. That's a crazy amount of months. So we really want to jump on this way, because Google is also a first in first served game, for example, if you're the first one who imports the products that are in demand, you will be the first one gaining momentum and outscaling everyone else. Because if we look at letter jackets, we can see that it doesn't show the CPC. But I think the CPC for letter jacket is going to be quite high. So you know to be the first one who is scaling on letter jackets. So everyone else who is kind of late with importing letter jackets will have any chance against you because you are already scaling on letter jackets. So that's a really good example that I can give you guys. Another one, for example, for example, this is like, it's not a jeans, but we're being more specific. We're being fl iergens because usually people on Google, they're shopping very directly. So they look up flier jeans instead of just jeans, you know, they know what they want. So if you can offer what the customer is searching for, which you can literally read from this list, then you're good to go. For boyfriend jeans, I've never heard of that in my whole life. But apparently it is popular. I want K to 10K searches. So actually, I want to use this example boyfriend jeans. I don't even know what they are, but there is a lot of demand for a product, but there is not much offer for it. Well, that's a gap in the market that you could fill. Okay, this is quite a tough one to read. It changed a lot, but honestly, this is also good because it never reaches a low point. There's always the meant for this product. So honestly, boyfriend jeans, this is a product I would add permanently to your store, like just have it there. Chilling, you know, because there is high demand for it. Actually, if I do some type of thing, what is boyfriend jeans? I didn't even know what these are, but apparently they're super popular. There we go. I 'm going to add these after this call to my own store. Damn. So you see, there is like a permanent demand for this product. So that's really good. If we look at, for example, for example, cocktail dress, I know this one's really popular because I had it as a winner myself. There we go. We see another this product once again, it's a pretty consistent product, very high demand for it. As we see like 88, 74, that's a lot. This product for sure worth importing because it's an all year winner, you know , it reaches its highest point, let's say around November. Yeah, always in November. So, I mean, this is a product you would have permanently on your store also. Letterjack is you really saw that it was fluctating a lot, going to super low and then going to super high. So that's a product that you would kind of like switch, you know, you would have it during the season when there is demands. And after that season, you would drop it and replace it with another product, you know, that's called feed optimization. And we're going to cover that also in another module, but now we're about product research. And you kind of want to fill your store with around 500 to 700 products like I mentioned. And you want to have a mix of all trending products, you know, so you want to have some cocktail dresses, some letter jackets, some boyfriend jeans, some flare jeans, some, let's find another one. Wedding dress, for example, I like this one. There we go. This is another example. I the letter jacket where we really see the spikes. There is low demand in December. And then there is a full on wedding season high demand from , let's say it starts rounds. Yeah, December until October says almost like there's only a few months when wedding dresses are not popular. So in my opinion, this is also a product that you can kind of flirtate during the months of December, this November, December, you would draft it and then you would import it again, January, let's say, let's say September, you draft it until December. And then in January, you import it again, and then you catch the whole spike here. And all year long , you will be scaling on that. So again, here, September, you draft, December, you undraft it , and then you catch here is going to be spike up again. So wedding dresses, another very good example. And this is kind of what you want to do just to practice, you know, for me, this goes really smooth because I'm explaining it right now in front of a camera. I'm really confident doing this. I already kind of know what keywords trend when, but also on you to really understand this game and how to play around with the Google trends and even find your own winning product categories . For example, the boyfriend jeans, really a golden nugget that I just dropped there because I didn't even know about boyfriend jeans. And here I found out that there is a lot of demand for it, especially all year long. So really interesting product importing your store and out scale everyone else who doesn't even offer this product. So I hope this was pretty clear on how to do product research for your store. We also have a module about feed optimization, how to schedule, drafting and all those draft products import products, how to import with batches. All of that is also covered. So super excited to explain to you guys and let's head to the next module.

## 7.2 Compliant product import

Now you know how to do product research, get a GMC fix, and everything like that you think that the hard work is done right, but let me tell you it's not just yet. A very important aspect on keeping your GMC compliant, and that's something you need to do if you want to scale long term right, is the product listing. Luckily for you we broke down the whole product listing SOP, the way we use it and our employees use it for compliance imports. I have heard a ton of different agencies say a ton of different reasons on what you can and cannot do, but believe me this SOP is all you need, it's all we use to keep our stores alive. Some agencies talk about the pictures, can only be AI models, some say that you can only use full models, you cannot cut the body or whatever. It's complete bullshit, just follow this product listing SOP and you will be good to go. You can even send this to product lists if you are already outsourcing and it should be clear. But let's go over it together because obviously it is super important to stay compliant with product listing, because that's something you need to know. Every time you change the feed, so when you add a new product, that's when you trigger the feed and you can have a check, like a manual check, an automatic check. So every time you change the feed, it can trigger something inside your GMC, so you don't want to trigger something wrong, right? Alright, so let's go over the product listing as a peer real quick, so product images, it's very important that these are high quality. Don't upload like the AliExpress pictures, it will not work, you will get suspended, that's not what Google wants to see, right? They want quality on their shopping ads. Clear focus on the product itself, what we mean by this is you cannot have like a full model in picture who is wearing sneakers, jeans, a top, a pullover, a cardigan, like whatever. No, it needs to be clear, like what's the product that you're selling. If you're selling a cardigan, then make sure to highlight that it's about the cardigan, right? You don't want to get the customer confused that they are also buying the jeans when they order it, so that's all just about clarity and prosperity. It does help to have neutral backgrounds, we don't always do it, but it also helps for your branding, right? So at the end, it's always better to do this, and obviously, like I've mentioned already, accurate representation of the item. What you cannot do, and this is one of the top reasons for suspensions, is one, sell copyright products, I've seen a lot of people selling fake Goyar, fake Gu cci, fake Dr. Marta's boots, stuff like that, right? That's the first thing that's going to get you suspended, and if you get suspended by a copyright issue, you will never get the GMC back. Like the chances are almost under 1% that you will see the GMC back, so make sure to never have copyright products on your website, that's number one trigger. Also, watermarks or text on the pictures, it's an logo, a lot of these pictures from AliExpress also have like Chinese text on it or anything. That's like number two reason for suspension, don't do it, don't use it. So coming back on the summary of the product images, it all comes down to making sure it's a good high quality picture and it's clear what you're selling , right? No bullshit, no text on the images, like you will not see my sima duty with text on images, right? So that's the main reason. Okay, then about titles. Titles are very important for your feed and for your success with your GMC and Google Ads or your store, because the way Brian showed you to do the product research, that's number one, right? But number two is including these actual keywords into your product titles. If you don't do it, your product will not pop up with the right search requests on Google and people will not find your product, right? So it's very important to have a title and include relevant keywords like, let 's say here in the example, floral summer dress instead of just dress. Okay, don't use caps, make each title unique, you can import competitor's products, but you need to change everything. Don't just go on pokey and import hundreds of products like that, no, really redesign the titles and descriptions. Best is even to remove the metadata on the pictures, so just make sure that you prevent the best you can to get linked with other websites, right? Also in the titles and at the whole page, like you don't want to have offers displayed or anything, you know, that will trigger. You can have a discount on the pricing, but you don't want to have it over 50%, but I think that will be later in the SOP. Okay, broad descriptions, it just needs to be very clear and specific, what the product is, what they are buying and some additional information like size charts are always welcome. Don't include images in the description text, that's something I see a lot of people do, but this can issue a lot of broken links or a lot of bugs on the product page and that's also like the main trigger for Google to literally suspend you like that. Also medical health, like you don't want to get into that, you don't want to go sell cashmere or paddock shoes, like you won't last long term, you can try it, you might make some short term bugs, but I think most of you guys are here for the long term, right? So, make sure to also keep the long term thing in mind, and then as well, the urgency is very much take care of this. We were very lucky with our first GMC to be able to run a sale like a closure sale or a clearance sale, but right now that's all done and you can hit solid, solid, solid numbers like we did thank you for just by having a Black Friday sale, a winter sale, a seasonal sale, so don't exaggerate with your sales because that's the main reason for suspension. Pricing rules, okay, yeah this is more like a preference from us, to our product list so obviously, but the rules are indeed no higher discounts at 50% and don't discount our products. That's something Google will see, like these guys, they have been running ads for three months now, they've always had a sale and at the end of the day, it's every product is discounted the same amount, the sale never ends, stuff like that, right? It's not long term, so make sure we put some products on no discounts, on products on 20, some products on 40, and then our best sellers, we go look into our best sellers by weekly, and these exact products, we put them off 50% off, that's the top, right? But you will see increased performance if you put like 50% discount on your best sellers for sure. Okay, then product organization, you need to set your surname as vendor categories, it's very important to just fill in as much as possible in a transparent way, right? Who's selling your the vendor, you don't want AliExpress or Pokey or whatever to be their categories, it's very important to assign every product to a category, and it's also very important that you don't have empty collections or empty categories on your website. That's also a trigger for suspension, because there is no way, let's say Zara has a summer dress collection with zero products in, right? So, make sure to avoid that, and then that's something which is actually quite a nugget, I would say, make sure that your URL is in line with your actual product. What we often see is people just take from Pokey, they're competitors' products , they, let's say, you take Lara summer dress and they would change the title to Amaya, Floral summer dress, let's say, but the product URL would still be Lara summer dress, right? That makes no sense and Google would be very confused, and this is something they automatically index, right? URLs, so that's the main trigger as well, so make sure these five topics I've just discussed that you really, really take some extra care on these, and yeah, we also have like a quick summary here, but yeah. I think it's very clear and very straightforward, we'll add this obviously down below, the product listing as OP, but yeah, keep in mind that you should not share this outside of the interval, right? Because this is your advantage, you've paid to be in here, so this is the advantage you should use for your own stores and not be sharing to friends or whatever, right? So yeah, this would be it for the product listing, then about really launching the products, there's two ways you can do it, right? I would say, let me explain first how we do it right now, and then how we do it on new stores, right? So the first way is we upload in batches right now, so what we do is every week upload 50 or 100 products, but we let the product lesser put it on draft, and once a week we launch these products at the same time, right? Because I've mentioned before, every time that you change something in the feed , you can trigger something, so that's why we do it 100 products at a time, or 50 products at a time, once a week, so we decrease the chance of hitting the wrong triggers, you know? Obviously, this is very nice to do so, if it's a store that's already gaining you some money, if you only just approved your store with 5 products, and you 've been through the waiting period or the Koolop period where you should wait without uploading anything, then I wouldn't start with batches because that will be very slow, right? So then you could take some extra risks if you don't want to play the safe way, right? Yeah, you can then just start with 5, 10, 15, 20, 25 products per day, and start uploading that for a few weeks until you are at the benchmark of 4 to 5 to 600 products, that's the safe spot where you want to really switch to the batches, right? Or as soon as you're profitable, getting profitable, getting consistent results , you don't want to risk anything anymore, it's not worth it, so then you want to switch to the batches, right? So I hope this is all clear, and if there's any questions, let us know in the discord, but it's pretty straightforward, you don't want to take any unnecessary risks for a GMC that's making your money, but you want to speed up the momentum for a new GMC, so then you can take some extra risks. But make sure, whatever you do, stick to this product listing and it should be fine with your products to stay compliant.

## 7.3 Optimized Product titles (EXTRA)

how should you name your products aka your product titles so I wrote down a lot of examples here that we're gonna go over one by one and also here I wrote down okay green means keywords from Google Trends so when you're doing keyword research you will find certain categories for example maxi dresses floral dresses cocktail dresses or letter boots cowboy boots all of those we will be using inner product titles and how to use it specifically I'm gonna explain step-by-step in this video orange means it's optional you can use it but it's not mandatory it's not adding adding any extra value it is just there because of the sake of it and then purple is something that you can also choose to add or not but it's to create a feeling with the product so when people read your product title or they're just scanning with their eyes they will already get the feeling of how the piece of clothing will fit or if you're not selling fashion how a sofa will feel or how a lamp will make light in the room is it warm is it cold and that's what I mean with purple is gonna be feeling so here I wrote down from a competitor I just took a few titles that I found interesting that I want to kind of dissect I think the word is in English so we're gonna take piece by piece and explain why is this a good title or why isn't it a good title so here let's start with the main thing that we see here like every product title starts with a name this is a typical thing for more luxury high-end brands where every product has a name but honestly we also use it on our own stores so you would always put a first name so what you do is on check GPT you ask him hey I'm selling in the UK give me the top 10 first names of people living in the UK so that's where you're gonna be using here from men or women make sure to use different ones but you can choose this you don't have to add names in front of the title but you can't so that's the first part it's optional like I wrote down here then we go for example we're gonna look at the first one so we see they added woman's the title is Maria woman's knee-high-heeled cowboy boots so we see two important parts here woman and then this is literally keyword off the keyword off the keyword it's knee- high boots so if I get a little pen I don't know how to get a little pen there we go okay so I have a little pen here so what's interesting about its title we have multiple keywords in this title cowboy boots for example oh let me get a different color real quick I'll use black there we go so cowboy boots is a keyword probably found in the product research key product research so cowboy boots really good one I've also had it in my keyword research what then you have you have yields boots this is also something people look for when searching for products he'll boots that's another one knee-high boots this is also keyword people look for so you see there's already tricky tricky words in this one title knee-high boots heeled boots and cowboy boots so this is a really really strong title because you rank will will you will rank for three keywords or even four if you count in boots also as a separate you know let me make this a bit thinner there we go so boots for example also so this is a really strong tell because like I said boo cowboy boots heel boots knee-high boots and then just boots that's already one two three four and titles in one this woman's you can just forget it like this is not mandatory you don't have to it 's just the the person of this website decided to make it even more precise but Google the algorithm is smart enough to know that a this product is for a woman so it's also going to show it when people look for woman boots or woman cowboy boots or whatever so this is a really good title because you literally have four products in one title really good one here what do we have so we have met a stylish double-breasted coat this is also a really good one could need some improvement but we have code we have double-breasted coat and I mean could all say breasted coat but yeah let's say we have two keywords in here stylish this is really nice because they're waking up a feeling you know not only this coat is double-breasted but it's also gonna make you feel stylish you know it's it's up with the new trends it's very stylish so that's really good that they added this keywords I like adding those also in my titles as you can see here elegant elegance are really famous or really well used one effortless elegance elegance you see that they're pretty well used here stylish so what could be improved about his title well we already have how does it feel we know it's double-breasted coat but maybe we could say like what material or is it waterproof maybe or is it with wool inside or does it have a hoods you know it could be a bit more specific because this title is pretty short it's only one two three four words where there is only well I could say two keywords I would always try and have three to four keywords but don't make your titles also too long you know don't put too many keywords together because that's called keyword stuffing and that will also be punished by Google and you will rank lower so always try and keep a healthy balance let's go a bit quicker because we're getting the hang of it or the concept Martina elegant winter jacket with style and warmth here and there is TH so warmth but what is really interesting about this title so we have again the first name we can forget this it's not mandatory we have a feeling which is elegance winter jacket so it's really good that they precisely say for what season is this jacket you know because you have many kinds of jacket you have summer jackets spring jackets but this one is really specific for the winter so when people are shopping in winter or the season before bed because if you remember what I explained about demands during the year people always shop for the season upfront so this is a product that you won't import now because it's currently winter and summer is around the corner or spring is around the corner you know so you should be calling this spring instead so that's really important that if you're using seasons in your titles it's important that you focus on the upcoming season not the current season so here we have winter jackets keywords style again which is like a feeling and then warmth they used warmth here but the keyword we want to focus on is warm it is a warm jacket a warm winter jacket you see how it's really nice that they're combining these different keywords in one title and making it still sound natural because people looking for winter jacket will find this product people looking for warm jacket will find this product people who look for I don't know who really want to wake up a feeling a stylish winter jacket they're gonna find this product so that's really good about this title you know these again have multiple keywords in one title but what could be even better about this title if you explain kind of like a detail like does it have a wool inside does it have a hood again is it a long jacket a short jacket what makes it warm you know you can be more specific but the title already is long enough I would say only have one feeling so I would remove style so you would have elegant winter jackets so I would have elegant warm winter jackets width hood for example so that means like if people are really specific about their winter jacket and they want to have a hood well they're also going to pop up in this key in this product you know again Sana elegant pleated mini-dressed I like this one a lot because pleated dresses are really trending right now if you're not importing those you're really missing out so really would advise you so pleated dresses but here they're being more specific about the meaty parts so people looking for meaty dresses are also gonna find this pleated meaty dress and then if they read elegant okay maybe they're going to a party or a wedding or something and of course the dress code is elegant so if they will see elegant in that title well this is the perfect product for them you know so they will buy it so again really good title medley and floral maxi dress for effortless elegance I like this one a lot why floral dress they have maxi dress which is also a keyboard they have elegant dress oh my god I'm not the best of this but they also have elegant maxi dress floral elegant you know you can create so many products with this one title this is really spot-on title this is perfect and effortless you can wear it whenever for every occasion you know elegant or tepetic high heels for women again this is optional sorry it's on a Sunday time recording this so we have optional this is optional you could just have elegant orthopedic high heels this is a really good title because again it's not because it's orthopedic that it's not going to be elegant you know for some people they want to wear high heels but they also need to be comfortable and maybe they need orthopedic so this is really good because they're clarifying hey it might be orthopedic but it's also really elegant orthopedic heels so if people are looking for high heels they will find this keyword if people are looking for orthopedic heels they will find this product if people are looking for orthopedic high heels they will find this product so even if they are being very very specific about it needs to be high then they will also find this product you know so again really good title catarine orthopedic wedge sandals for women in summer so again this is optional you don't have to edit but you can orthopedic sandals wedge sandals summer sandals and here you see they again specified these sandals are specifically for summer which makes sense because summer is the only season where you would wear sandals summer sandals orthopedic summer people also look up that you know based on your product research you have to check it but without a doubt summer and orthopedic are really good combined together as their woman's relaxed fit hoodie joggers said I actually could have selected fit because also people sometimes look up for relax fit they're just looking for something relaxed for example the hoodie that I'm wearing today I worried because I want to have a relaxed outfit and if I would want to buy this again I would look up online relaxed fit set maybe even or hoodie set or joggers set or hoodie joggers set you know there is so many products in this one title and again this is a really good title this one I like also a lot carol relaxed wide like denim jeans this are really bointer titles why this could be a feeling but it's also a product because relax denim jeans you know people know jeans are always gonna be tight it's a hit or miss you know jeans when I shop jeans I always need to go to a physical store but people who want to buy it online it's really important that you explain it really well to them how will it feel is it wide is it skinny so here they did really well they explained it's gonna be relaxed it's wide leg it's made of denim and it's a jeans so people looking for jeans will find this product people looking for denim jeans will find this product and so on so this is kind of a breakdown of how we would structure our titles these titles come straight from one of our old stores and from competitors that will be found so really good titles it kind of explains the concept of combining feelings which are really important with keywords that you found from Google Trends I would really advise you to watch the video about product research because then you will understand this even more but if you're watching it alphabetically like from A to Z you should be watching it correctly I would advise everyone to create kind of a chedgpt to do this so a chedgpt prompt where you only have to put the product image and base of the product image it will find your titles like these this is really good that's also what our product lists are does and the reason why I'm not sharing a gpt with you guys is because I want you guys to find it yourself and create your own because obviously these are our titles this is how we structure them but it's still like you could still improve them you know there is space for improvements so please create your own gpt work on it maybe based off country create multiple gpts really go crazy in this honestly like you can really go deep in this you know product titles I would always advise keep them short but powerful don't type whole Bibles because keep in mind the first fault of your webpage still has to be attractive what is the first fault when people click on your website what is the first thing they will see you know if they're on your phone this is the first fault you know until here what they see on the first time they're scrolling so that said I hope you guys learned something on how to structure your product titles for your Google Store let's dive into the next episodes
